This is version 5.4.1 of xbattle, by Greg Lesher, based on the original
by Steve Lehar released in 1991, and including certain enhancements,
modifications, and bug fixes suggested by a number of contributers from
all over the world.  The extensive changes from version 5.1, the last
official xbattle release, are outlined below.  The latest version can be
obtained by anonymous ftp to cns-ftp.bu.edu in the pub/xbattle direction
in compressed and gzip-ed tar format (xbattle-5.4.1.tar.Z and
xbattle-5.4.1.tar.gz). There is an xbattle Web page
(http://cns-web.bu.edu/pub/xpip/html/xbattle.html), which contains the
latest release information, tutorials, file archives, and a
comprehensive on-line manual.

xbattle is a concurrent multi-player game which combines elements of
strategy with arcade-like action to capture a wide range of military
scenarios.  The game is based on X11, which you must have installed to
run xbattle.  Opponents play from separate displays, with commands being
executed concurrently -- the players do not take "turns", but rather
they all issue their commands simultaneously.  There can be any number
of players, with each player assigned to a specific team, indicated by
marker colors.  The game board is a matrix of cells (square, hexes,
etc.) that can be occupied by colored troops, with the goal of the game
being to eliminate the enemy from the board by attacking cells occupied
by enemy troops.  A wide variety of command line options (and previously
configured game files) provide an abundance of different scenarios and
gaming environments.

If you have never used xbattle before, we strongly suggest you read
through the online introduction at the Web site specified above.  To get
the feel of the game, you can run the tutorials (called "tutorial1" and
"tutorial2") that are supplied with the game. These are shell scripts
that run on unix systems and start up a series of small example games
that you can play around with to learn the various options available
with the game.  If you are not on a unix system, print out the tutorials
and type in the embedded command lines by hand.  If you are interested
in the philosophical and game design issues of xbattle, or want to get
immediate notice of the latest releases, updates, and bug fixes, send
email to xbattle_request@gnu.ai.mit.edu and we will put you on the
xbattle mailing list.
_________
Gregory W. Lesher, lesher@cns.bu.edu
