@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.12 2005/05/24 20:27:49 naddy Exp $
bin/jmacs
bin/joe
bin/jpico
bin/jstar
bin/rjoe
bin/termidx
@man man/man1/joe.1
share/doc/joe/
share/doc/joe/ChangeLog
share/doc/joe/HACKING
share/doc/joe/HINTS
share/doc/joe/LIST
share/doc/joe/NEWS
share/doc/joe/README
share/examples/joe/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/
share/examples/joe/charmaps/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/charmaps/
share/examples/joe/charmaps/klingon
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/charmaps/klingon
share/examples/joe/jmacsrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/jmacsrc
share/examples/joe/joerc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/joerc
share/examples/joe/jpicorc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/jpicorc
share/examples/joe/jstarrc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/jstarrc
share/examples/joe/rjoerc
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/rjoerc
share/examples/joe/syntax/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/
share/examples/joe/syntax/4gl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/4gl.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/ada.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ada.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/asm.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/asm.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/awk.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/awk.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/c.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/c.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/cobol.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/cobol.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/conf.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/conf.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/csh.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/csh.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/css.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/css.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/diff.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/diff.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/fortran.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/fortran.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/html.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/html.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/java.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/java.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/lisp.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/lisp.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/mail.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/mail.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/mason.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/mason.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/ocaml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ocaml.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/pascal.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/pascal.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/perl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/perl.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/php.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/php.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/ps.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/ps.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/python.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/python.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/sed.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sed.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/sh.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sh.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/sml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sml.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/sql.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/sql.jsf 
share/examples/joe/syntax/tcl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/tcl.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/tex.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/tex.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/verilog.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/verilog.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/vhdl.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/vhdl.jsf
share/examples/joe/syntax/xml.jsf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/joe/syntax/xml.jsf
