@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.7 2011/01/15 16:17:33 jasper Exp $
bin/GraphicsMagick++-config
bin/GraphicsMagick-config
bin/GraphicsMagickWand-config
@bin bin/gm
include/GraphicsMagick/
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Blob.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/CoderInfo.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Color.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Drawable.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Exception.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Geometry.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Image.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Include.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Montage.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/Pixels.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/STL.h
include/GraphicsMagick/Magick++/TypeMetric.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/analyze.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/api.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/attribute.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/average.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/blob.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/cdl.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/channel.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/color.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/color_lookup.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/colormap.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/colorspace.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/command.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/common.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/compare.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/composite.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/compress.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/confirm_access.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/constitute.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/decorate.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/delegate.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/deprecate.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/describe.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/draw.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/effect.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/enhance.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/error.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/forward.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/fx.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/gem.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/gradient.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/hclut.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/image.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/list.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/log.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/magic.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/magick.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/magick_config.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/magick_types.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/memory.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/module.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/monitor.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/montage.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/operator.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/paint.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/pixel_cache.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/pixel_iterator.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/plasma.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/profile.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/quantize.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/random.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/registry.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/render.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/resize.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/resource.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/shear.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/signature.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/statistics.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/symbols.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/texture.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/timer.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/transform.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/type.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/utility.h
include/GraphicsMagick/magick/version.h
include/GraphicsMagick/wand/
include/GraphicsMagick/wand/drawing_wand.h
include/GraphicsMagick/wand/magick_wand.h
include/GraphicsMagick/wand/pixel_wand.h
include/GraphicsMagick/wand/wand_api.h
lib/GraphicsMagick/
lib/GraphicsMagick/config/
lib/GraphicsMagick/config/delegates.mgk
lib/GraphicsMagick/config/type-ghostscript.mgk
lib/GraphicsMagick/config/type-solaris.mgk
lib/GraphicsMagick/config/type-windows.mgk
lib/GraphicsMagick/config/type.mgk
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/
%%x11%%
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/art.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/art.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/art.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/avi.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/avi.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/avi.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/avs.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/avs.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/avs.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/bmp.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/bmp.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/bmp.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cals.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cals.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cals.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/caption.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/caption.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/caption.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cineon.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cineon.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cineon.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cmyk.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cmyk.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cmyk.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cut.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cut.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/cut.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dcm.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dcm.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dcm.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dcraw.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dcraw.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dcraw.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dib.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dib.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dib.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dpx.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dpx.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/dpx.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ept.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ept.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ept.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/fax.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/fax.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/fax.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/fits.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/fits.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/fits.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gif.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gif.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gif.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gradient.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gradient.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gradient.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gray.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gray.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/gray.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/histogram.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/histogram.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/histogram.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/hrz.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/hrz.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/hrz.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/html.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/html.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/html.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/icon.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/icon.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/icon.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/identity.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/identity.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/identity.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jbig.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jbig.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jbig.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jp2.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jp2.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jp2.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jpeg.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jpeg.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/jpeg.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/label.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/label.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/label.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/locale.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/locale.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/locale.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/logo.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/logo.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/logo.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/map.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/map.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/map.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mat.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mat.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mat.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/matte.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/matte.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/matte.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/meta.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/meta.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/meta.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/miff.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/miff.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/miff.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mono.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mono.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mono.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpc.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpc.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpc.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpeg.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpeg.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpeg.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpr.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpr.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mpr.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/msl.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/msl.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/msl.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mtv.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mtv.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mtv.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mvg.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mvg.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/mvg.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/null.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/null.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/null.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/otb.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/otb.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/otb.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/palm.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/palm.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/palm.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcd.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcd.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcd.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcl.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcl.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcl.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcx.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcx.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pcx.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pdb.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pdb.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pdb.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pdf.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pdf.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pdf.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pict.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pict.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pict.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pix.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pix.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pix.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/plasma.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/plasma.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/plasma.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/png.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/png.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/png.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pnm.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pnm.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pnm.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/preview.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/preview.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/preview.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps2.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps2.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps2.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps3.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps3.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ps3.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/psd.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/psd.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/psd.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pwp.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pwp.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/pwp.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rgb.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rgb.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rgb.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rla.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rla.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rla.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rle.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rle.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/rle.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sct.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sct.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sct.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sfw.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sfw.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sfw.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sgi.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sgi.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sgi.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/stegano.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/stegano.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/stegano.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sun.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sun.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/sun.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/svg.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/svg.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/svg.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tga.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tga.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tga.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tiff.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tiff.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tiff.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tile.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tile.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tile.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tim.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tim.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/tim.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/topol.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/topol.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/topol.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ttf.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ttf.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/ttf.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/txt.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/txt.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/txt.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/uil.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/uil.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/uil.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/url.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/url.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/url.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/uyvy.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/uyvy.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/uyvy.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/vicar.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/vicar.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/vicar.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/vid.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/vid.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/vid.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/viff.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/viff.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/viff.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wbmp.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wbmp.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wbmp.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wmf.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wmf.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wmf.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wpg.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wpg.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/wpg.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xbm.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xbm.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xbm.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xc.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xc.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xc.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xcf.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xcf.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xcf.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xpm.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xpm.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/xpm.so
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/yuv.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/yuv.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/coders/yuv.so
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/filters/
@comment lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/filters/analyze.a
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/filters/analyze.la
lib/GraphicsMagick/modules-Q16/filters/analyze.so
lib/libGraphicsMagick++.a
lib/libGraphicsMagick++.la
@lib lib/libGraphicsMagick++.so.${LIBGraphicsMagick++_VERSION}
lib/libGraphicsMagick.a
lib/libGraphicsMagick.la
@lib lib/libGraphicsMagick.so.${LIBGraphicsMagick_VERSION}
lib/libGraphicsMagickWand.a
lib/libGraphicsMagickWand.la
@lib lib/libGraphicsMagickWand.so.${LIBGraphicsMagickWand_VERSION}
lib/pkgconfig/GraphicsMagick++.pc
lib/pkgconfig/GraphicsMagick.pc
lib/pkgconfig/GraphicsMagickWand.pc
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/Graphics/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/Graphics/Magick.pm
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Graphics/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Graphics/Magick/
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Graphics/Magick/Magick.bs
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Graphics/Magick/Magick.so
libdata/perl5/site_perl/${MACHINE_ARCH}-openbsd/auto/Graphics/Magick/autosplit.ix
@man man/man1/GraphicsMagick++-config.1
@man man/man1/GraphicsMagick-config.1
@man man/man1/GraphicsMagickWand-config.1
@man man/man1/gm.1
@man man/man3p/Graphics::Magick.3p
@man man/man4/miff.4
@man man/man5/quantize.5
share/GraphicsMagick/
share/GraphicsMagick/config/
share/GraphicsMagick/config/colors.mgk
share/GraphicsMagick/config/log.mgk
share/GraphicsMagick/config/modules.mgk
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2001
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2002
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2003
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2004
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2005
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2006
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2007
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2008
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/ChangeLog.2009
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/Copyright.txt
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/NEWS.txt
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/CVS.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2001.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2002.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2003.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2004.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2005.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2006.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2007.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2008.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ChangeLog-2009.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Changelog.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Copyright.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/FAQ.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/GraphicsMagick.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/INSTALL-unix.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/INSTALL-windows.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/ImageMagickObject.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Blob.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Cache.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/ChangeLog.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/CoderInfo.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Color.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Documentation.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Drawable.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Drawable_example_1.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Enumerations.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Exception.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/FormatCharacters.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Future.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Geometry.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Image.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Image.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/ImageDesign.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Install.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Montage.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/PixelPacket.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/Pixels.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/STL.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/TypeMetric.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/gm-188x120t.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/index.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/montage-sample-framed.jpg
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/right_triangle.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/thumbnail-anatomy-framed.jpg
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/thumbnail-anatomy-plain.jpg
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/thumbnail-sample-framed.jpg
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/Magick++/thumbnail-sample-plain.jpg
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/NEWS.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/OpenMP.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/README.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/animate.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/animate.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/annotate.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/api.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/attribute.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/average.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/blob.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/cdl.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/channel.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/color.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/colormap.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/compare.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/composite.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/confirm_access.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/constitute.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/decorate.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/deprecate.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/describe.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/display.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/draw.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/effect.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/enhance.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/error.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/fx.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/hclut.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/image.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/list.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/magick.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/memory.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/monitor.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/montage.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/operator.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/paint.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/pixel_cache.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/pixel_iterator.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/plasma.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/profile.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/quantize.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/registry.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/render.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/resize.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/resource.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/segment.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/shear.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/signature.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/statistics.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/texture.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/transform.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/types.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/api/widget.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/authors.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/benchmarks.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/bugs.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/color.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/compare.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/composite.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/conjure.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/contribute.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/convert.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/display.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/docutils-api.css
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/docutils-articles.css
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/download.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/favicon.ico
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/formats.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/gm.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/identify.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/ball.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/banner_bg.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/examples.jpg
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/gm-107x76.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/gm-125x80t.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/right_triangle.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/images/right_triangle_option.png
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/import.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/index.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/links.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/magick.css
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/miff.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/mission.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/mogrify.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/montage.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/motion-picture.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/perl.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/platforms.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/process.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/programming.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/quantize.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/smile.c
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/tools.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/utilities.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/wand/
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/wand/drawing_wand.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/wand/magick_wand.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/wand/pixel_wand.html
share/doc/GraphicsMagick/www/wand/wand.html
