@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.3 2006/06/12 11:15:56 espie Exp $
bin/d2asc
bin/kst
bin/kstcmd
include/kst_export.h
include/kstdatasource.h
include/kstdateparser.h
include/kstextcalendarsystem.h
include/kstextcalendarsystemgregorian.h
include/kstextdatepicker.h
include/kstextdatetbl.h
include/kstextdatetime.h
include/kstextdatetimeedit.h
include/kstextdatewidget.h
include/kstobject.h
include/kstsharedptr.h
include/rwlock.h
${KDE}/kstdata_ascii.la
${KDE}/kstdata_ascii.so
${KDE}/kstdata_dirfile.la
${KDE}/kstdata_dirfile.so
${KDE}/kstdata_fitsimage.la
${KDE}/kstdata_fitsimage.so
${KDE}/kstdata_frame.la
${KDE}/kstdata_frame.so
${KDE}/kstdata_healpix.la
${KDE}/kstdata_healpix.so
${KDE}/kstdata_indirect.la
${KDE}/kstdata_indirect.so
${KDE}/kstdata_lfiio.la
${KDE}/kstdata_lfiio.so
${KDE}/kstdata_netcdf.la
${KDE}/kstdata_netcdf.so
${KDE}/kstdata_qimagesource.la
${KDE}/kstdata_qimagesource.so
${KDE}/kstextension_elog.la
${KDE}/kstextension_elog.so
${KDE}/kstextension_js.la
${KDE}/kstextension_js.so
${KDE}/kstextension_pulse.la
${KDE}/kstextension_pulse.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/
${KDE}/kstplugins/autocorrelate.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/autocorrelate.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/autocorrelate.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/bin.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/bin.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/bin.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_bandpass.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_bandpass.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_bandpass.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_bandstop.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_bandstop.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_bandstop.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_highpass.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_highpass.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_highpass.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_lowpass.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_lowpass.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/butterworth_lowpass.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/chop.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/chop.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/chop.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/convolve.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/convolve.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/convolve.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/crosscorrelate.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/crosscorrelate.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/crosscorrelate.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/crossspectrum.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/crossspectrum.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/crossspectrum.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/cumulative_sum.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/cumulative_sum.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/cumulative_sum.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/deconvolve.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/deconvolve.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/deconvolve.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/differentiation.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/differentiation.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/differentiation.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential_weighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential_weighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_exponential_weighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian_weighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian_weighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gaussian_weighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_unweighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_unweighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_unweighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_weighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_weighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_gradient_weighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_unweighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_unweighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_unweighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_weighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_weighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_linear_weighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian_weighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian_weighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_lorentzian_weighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_unweighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_unweighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_unweighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_weighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_weighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_polynomial_weighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_unweighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_unweighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_unweighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_weighted.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_weighted.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstfit_sinusoid_weighted.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima_periodic.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima_periodic.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_akima_periodic.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline_periodic.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline_periodic.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_cspline_periodic.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_linear.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_linear.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_linear.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_polynomial.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_polynomial.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/kstinterp_polynomial.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/linefit.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/linefit.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/linefit.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/noise_addition.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/noise_addition.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/noise_addition.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/periodogram.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/periodogram.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/periodogram.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/phase.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/phase.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/phase.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/statistics.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/statistics.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/statistics.xml
${KDE}/kstplugins/syncbin.la
${KDE}/kstplugins/syncbin.so
${KDE}/kstplugins/syncbin.xml
${KDE}/plugins/designer/kstwidgets.la
${KDE}/plugins/designer/kstwidgets.so
lib/libkst.la
@lib lib/libkst.so.${LIBkst_VERSION}
lib/libkstapp.la
@lib lib/libkstapp.so.${LIBkstapp_VERSION}
lib/libkstextdate.la
@lib lib/libkstextdate.so.${LIBkstextdate_VERSION}
lib/libkstmath.la
@lib lib/libkstmath.so.${LIBkstmath_VERSION}
lib/libkstwidgets.la
@lib lib/libkstwidgets.so.${LIBkstwidgets_VERSION}
@man man/man1/kst.1
share/applnk/
share/applnk/Applications/
share/applnk/Applications/Sciences/
share/applnk/Applications/Sciences/kst.desktop
share/apps/kconf_update/kstautosave11.upd
share/apps/kconf_update/kstrcmisc11.upd
share/apps/kst/
share/apps/kst/fonts/
share/apps/kst/fonts/adobe-symbol.enc.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb08.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb10.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb12.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb14.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb18.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/fonts/symb24.pcf.gz
share/apps/kst/kstextension_elog.rc
share/apps/kst/kstextension_js.rc
share/apps/kst/kstextension_pulse.rc
share/apps/kst/kstui.rc
share/apps/kst/pics/
share/apps/kst/pics/kst_error_1.png
share/apps/kst/pics/kst_error_2.png
share/apps/kst/pics/no.png
share/apps/kst/pics/yes.png
share/apps/kst/tutorial/
share/apps/kst/tutorial/all.kst
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boom.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boomA.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boomAB.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boomB.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/boom_lce.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/cbi.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/combined.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/dasi.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/demo.kst
share/apps/kst/tutorial/gyrodata.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/maxima.dat
share/apps/kst/tutorial/vsa.dat
share/config/colors/IDL 00 BW-Linear
share/config/colors/IDL 01 Blue-White
share/config/colors/IDL 02 GRN-RED-BLU-WHT
share/config/colors/IDL 03 RED-Temperature
share/config/colors/IDL 04 BLU-GRN-RED-YEL
share/config/colors/IDL 05 STD-Gamma-II
share/config/colors/IDL 06 PRISM
share/config/colors/IDL 07 RED-PURPLE
share/config/colors/IDL 08 GRN-WHT-Linear
share/config/colors/IDL 09 GRN-WHT-Exp
share/config/colors/IDL 10 GRN-PINK
share/config/colors/IDL 11 BLUE-RED
share/config/colors/IDL 12 16-Level
share/config/colors/IDL 13 RAINBOW
share/config/colors/IDL 14 STEPS
share/config/colors/IDL 15 STERN-Special
share/config/colors/IDL 16 Haze
share/config/colors/IDL 17 BLU-Pastel-RED
share/config/colors/IDL 18 Pastels
share/config/colors/IDL 19 Hue-Sat-Light1
share/config/colors/IDL 20 Hue-Sat-Light2
share/config/colors/IDL 21 Hue-Sat-Value1
share/config/colors/IDL 22 Hue-Sat-Value2
share/config/colors/IDL 23 Purple-Red-Stripe
share/config/colors/IDL 24 Beach
share/config/colors/IDL 25 Mac-Style
share/config/colors/IDL 26 Eos-A
share/config/colors/IDL 27 Eos-B
share/config/colors/IDL 28 Hardcandy
share/config/colors/IDL 29 Nature
share/config/colors/IDL 30 Ocean
share/config/colors/IDL 31 Peppermint
share/config/colors/IDL 32 Plasma
share/config/colors/IDL 33 Blue-Red
share/config/colors/IDL 34 Rainbow
share/config/colors/IDL 35 Blue-Waves
share/config/colors/IDL 36 Volcano
share/config/colors/IDL 37 Waves
share/config/colors/IDL 38 Rainbow18
share/config/colors/IDL 39 Rainbow-White
share/config/colors/IDL 40 Rainbow-Black
share/config/colors/Kst Colors
share/config/colors/Kst Grayscale 256
share/config/colors/Kst Spectrum 1021
share/doc/HTML/da/
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/da/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/de/
share/doc/HTML/de/kst/
share/doc/HTML/de/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/de/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/de/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-array.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Equation-kst-correctedpitch.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation2.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-bandpass.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-bandstop.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-convolution.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-crosscorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-deconvolution.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-exponentialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianprobability.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodel.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodelexample.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gradientequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-gradientsumofsquares.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-highpass.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-linefitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-linefitsumofsquaredresiduals.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-lorentzianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-lowpass.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-polynomialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Formula-kst-sinusoidfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-datawizard.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-layoutmode.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-xmousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Icon-kst-xymousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-arraywindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-configureshortcutswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamode.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard1.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-defineshortcutwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-loggingsettings.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-serversettings.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-labeleditor.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-mainwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-multipleselectedplots.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-open-file-button.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-pluginswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-Gamma.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-lambda.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-mu.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-sigma.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Symbol-kst-theta.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-close.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-colourchooser.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-defaultcolours.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-maximize.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-minimize.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-swapcolour.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/Widget-kst-undock.png
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/kst.1
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/en/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-array.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Equation-kst-correctedpitch.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-autocorrelation2.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-bandpass.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-bandstop.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-convolution.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-crosscorrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-deconvolution.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-exponentialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gaussianprobability.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodel.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-generallinearmodelexample.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gradientequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-gradientsumofsquares.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-highpass.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-linefitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-linefitsumofsquaredresiduals.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-lorentzianfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-lowpass.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-polynomialfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Formula-kst-sinusoidfitequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-datawizard.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-layoutmode.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-xmousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Icon-kst-xymousezoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-arraywindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-configureshortcutswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamode.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard1.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-defineshortcutwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-loggingsettings.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-serversettings.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-labeleditor.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-mainwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-multipleselectedplots.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-open-file-button.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-pluginswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-Gamma.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-lambda.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-mu.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-sigma.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Symbol-kst-theta.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-close.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-colourchooser.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-defaultcolours.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-maximize.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-minimize.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-swapcolour.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/Widget-kst-undock.png
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/es/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tiedzoom.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/Widget-kst-colourchooser.png
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/et/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/fr/
share/doc/HTML/fr/kst/
share/doc/HTML/fr/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/fr/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/fr/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/it/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/nl/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/pt/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-datatypes.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-frames.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-matrix.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Diagram-kst-windowplotrelation.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-configureshortcutswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-curveoptions.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-curvewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-datamanager.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard2.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-datawizard3.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-debuglog.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-defineshortcutwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-demo.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-democorrected.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-editequation.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-equationwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-loggingsettings.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor-serversettings.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-eventmonitor.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-exportgraphics.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-filesave.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-fittedline.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-histogramwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-imagewindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-labeleditor.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-matrixwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-maxima-datapoints.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditabpage.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-mditoplevel.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-multipleselectedplots.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogcontent.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglabels.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglegend.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialoglimits.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogmarkers.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-plotdialogtop.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-pluginswindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-powerspectrawindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-quickstart.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-simpledata.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-datawizard-done.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro-multiple.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-tutorial-gyro1.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-vectorwindow.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/Screenshot-kst-zoom.png
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/additionalformats-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/commandline-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/common
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/commontasks-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/creatingplugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/data-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/dcop-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/debuglog-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/eventmonitoring-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/index.cache.bz2
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/index.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/install-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/intro-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/license-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/miscfeatures-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/plotsandwindows-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/plugins-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/saving-chapter.docbook
share/doc/HTML/sv/kst/tutorial.docbook
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/mimetypes/kst.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/addelogentry.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_advance.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_back.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_changefile.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_changenpts.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_choosecolor.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_csdnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_curvenew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_datamanager.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_datamode.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_datawizard.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_differentiatecurves.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_editplots.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_equationnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_eventnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_arrow.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_ellipse.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_line.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_picture.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_polygon.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_polyline.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_rectangle.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_gfx_rounded_rectangle.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_graphfile.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_graphics.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_histogramnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_imagenew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_layoutmode.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_matrixnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_pluginnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_psdnew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_vectornew.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomtie.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomx.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomxy.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/kst_zoomy.png
share/icons/hicolor/22x22/actions/launchelogbrowser.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/mimetypes/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/
share/icons/locolor/16x16/
share/icons/locolor/16x16/apps/
share/icons/locolor/16x16/apps/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/16x16/mimetypes/
share/icons/locolor/16x16/mimetypes/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/32x32/
share/icons/locolor/32x32/apps/
share/icons/locolor/32x32/apps/kst.png
share/icons/locolor/32x32/mimetypes/
share/icons/locolor/32x32/mimetypes/kst.png
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/br/
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/cy/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/cy/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/is/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/mt/
share/locale/mt/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/mt/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/mt/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/kstplugineditor.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/kst.mo
share/mimelnk/application/x-kst.desktop
share/services/kst/
share/services/kst/kstdata_ascii.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_dirfile.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_fitsimage.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_frame.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_healpix.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_indirect.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_lfiio.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_netcdf.desktop
share/services/kst/kstdata_qimagesource.desktop
share/services/kst/kstextension_elog.desktop
share/services/kst/kstextension_js.desktop
share/services/kst/kstextension_pulse.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/
share/servicetypes/kst/kstdatasourceplugin.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/kstextension.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/kstfilter.desktop
share/servicetypes/kst/kstplugin.desktop
