@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.2 2004/10/17 15:11:46 brad Exp $
lib/lighttpd/
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_access.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_access.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_accesslog.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_accesslog.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_auth.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_auth.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_cgi.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_cgi.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_compress.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_compress.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_evhost.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_evhost.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_expire.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_expire.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_fastcgi.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_fastcgi.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_httptls.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_httptls.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_maps.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_maps.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_proxy.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_proxy.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_redirect.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_redirect.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_rewrite.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_rewrite.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_rrdtool.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_rrdtool.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_secdownload.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_secdownload.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_simple_vhost.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_simple_vhost.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_ssi.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_ssi.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_status.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_status.so
@comment lib/lighttpd/mod_usertrack.la
lib/lighttpd/mod_usertrack.so
@man man/man1/lighttpd.1
sbin/lighttpd
share/examples/lighttpd/
share/examples/lighttpd/lighttpd.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/lighttpd.conf
