@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.2 2008/02/03 21:19:30 robert Exp $
bin/a2x
bin/asciidoc
@man man/man1/a2x.1
@man man/man1/asciidoc.1
share/examples/asciidoc/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/
share/examples/asciidoc/asciidoc.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/asciidoc.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/chunked.xsl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/chunked.xsl
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/common.xsl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/common.xsl
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/fo.xsl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/fo.xsl
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/htmlhelp.xsl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/htmlhelp.xsl
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/manpage.xsl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/manpage.xsl
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/xhtml.xsl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook-xsl/xhtml.xsl
share/examples/asciidoc/docbook.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/docbook.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/filters/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/filters/
share/examples/asciidoc/filters/code-filter.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/filters/code-filter.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/filters/code-filter.py
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/filters/code-filter.py
share/examples/asciidoc/filters/music-filter.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/filters/music-filter.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/filters/music2png.py
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/filters/music2png.py
share/examples/asciidoc/filters/source-highlight-filter.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/filters/source-highlight-filter.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/help.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/help.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/html4.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/html4.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/images/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/1.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/1.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/10.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/10.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/11.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/11.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/12.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/12.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/13.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/13.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/14.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/14.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/15.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/15.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/2.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/2.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/3.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/3.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/4.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/4.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/5.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/5.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/6.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/6.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/7.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/7.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/8.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/8.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/9.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/callouts/9.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/caution.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/caution.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/example.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/example.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/home.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/home.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/important.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/important.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/next.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/next.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/note.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/note.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/prev.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/prev.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/tip.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/tip.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/up.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/up.png
share/examples/asciidoc/images/icons/warning.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/images/icons/warning.png
share/examples/asciidoc/javascripts/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/javascripts/
share/examples/asciidoc/javascripts/ASCIIMathML.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/javascripts/ASCIIMathML.js
share/examples/asciidoc/javascripts/LaTeXMathML.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/javascripts/LaTeXMathML.js
share/examples/asciidoc/javascripts/toc.js
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/javascripts/toc.js
share/examples/asciidoc/lang-es.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/latex.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/latex.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/linuxdoc.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/linuxdoc.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/stylesheets/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/stylesheets/
share/examples/asciidoc/stylesheets/docbook-xsl.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/stylesheets/docbook-xsl.css
share/examples/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml-deprecated-manpage.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml-deprecated-manpage.css
share/examples/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml-deprecated.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml-deprecated.css
share/examples/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml11-manpage.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml11-manpage.css
share/examples/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml11-quirks.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml11-quirks.css
share/examples/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml11.css
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/stylesheets/xhtml11.css
share/examples/asciidoc/text.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/text.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/xhtml-deprecated-css.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/xhtml-deprecated-css.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/xhtml-deprecated.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/xhtml-deprecated.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/xhtml11-quirks.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/xhtml11-quirks.conf
share/examples/asciidoc/xhtml11.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/asciidoc/xhtml11.conf
