$OpenBSD: README-main,v 1.6 2011/10/17 11:11:46 dcoppa Exp $

+-----------------------------------------------------------------------
| Running ${FULLPKGNAME} on OpenBSD
+-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The tomcat package does not install the example webapps, documentation
or admin webapp. You must supply your own webapps and configuration or
install the tomcat-examples package for the example webapps and
documentation. Sample config files for the host-manager and manager
webapps can be found in ${TRUEPREFIX}/share/examples/tomcat.

The tomcat-admin package contains the admin webapp but you must supply
your own configuration for it or use the tomcat-examples package. A
sample config file can be found in ${TRUEPREFIX}/share/examples/tomcat.

The tomcat-examples package includes the examples, full documentation
and the localhost config files for the admin, host-manager and manager
webapps.

The packages are structured this way to facilitate maintaining a server
which normally would not contain the examples and documentation webapp
and optionally contain the admin webapp.

Tomcat on OpenBSD uses the `${SYSCONFDIR}/tomcat' directory for its
configuration files. `$CATALINA_BASE' is `${CATALINA_BASE}'. All files
contained within these directories should be owned by the _tomcat user.

If you want Tomcat to serve on privileged ports (e.g. 80), redirect all
tcp traffic to port 80 to Tomcat's default listener port 8080 using a
pf.conf(5) rule like:

   pass in quick on $NIC proto tcp to port 80 rdr-to 127.0.0.1 port 8080

or use relayd(8) to forward the connection.

If you are upgrading and use database drivers, don't forget to copy them
into ${TRUEPREFIX}/tomcat/common/lib. If you use ssi or cgi, remember to
rename to jar the appropriate .renametojar files in
${TRUEPREFIX}/tomcat/server/lib. You must also delete any work files in
`${CATALINA_BASE}/work' unless you are reinstalling the same full
version of Tomcat. When upgrading from older major versions of Tomcat,
config files in ${SYSCONFDIR}/tomcat should be updated as well.
