X Northern Captain (XNC) - filemanager for X Window.  XNC -
uses conception of two panels. These panels with highlighted
directory listings give You simple and easy way to
manipulate files on Your system.  Bookmark feature allow You
to remember Hot Directories and quick changing to it.
Virtual File System can manipulate files in popular archive
formats as easy as files on normal Disk FS
(copy/delete/view/edit/execute inside archive).  MultiWindow
Editing and Viewing System (IVES) edit text files and view
ASCII/HEX and many image formats ; built in xterminal (rxvt
2.20) shows output from applications; configurable User menu
do quick execute for usefull commands; exention association
and execution list allow execute application by associated
extension; processes information shows list of processes and
can send signal to its; disk and memory summary information;
QuickScan Directories and files info; Drag 'n' Drop for
files manipulation - easy way to work for Mouse Fans; built
in archive support for TAR, TARGZ, TRABZ2, GZIP, BZIP2, ARJ,
ZIP, RAR, RPM, DEB, LHA; Hot keys, colors, sizes, fonts and
panels layout easy customization with XNCSetup make XNC a
very useful tool.
