@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST-main,v 1.1.1.1 2010/07/29 21:40:21 steven Exp $
lib/rsyslog/
@comment lib/rsyslog/imklog.la
lib/rsyslog/imklog.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/immark.la
lib/rsyslog/immark.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/imrelp.la
lib/rsyslog/imrelp.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/imtcp.la
lib/rsyslog/imtcp.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/imudp.la
lib/rsyslog/imudp.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/imuxsock.la
lib/rsyslog/imuxsock.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmnet.la
lib/rsyslog/lmnet.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmnetstrms.la
lib/rsyslog/lmnetstrms.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmnsd_gtls.la
lib/rsyslog/lmnsd_gtls.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmnsd_ptcp.la
lib/rsyslog/lmnsd_ptcp.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmregexp.la
lib/rsyslog/lmregexp.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmstrmsrv.la
lib/rsyslog/lmstrmsrv.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmtcpclt.la
lib/rsyslog/lmtcpclt.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmtcpsrv.la
lib/rsyslog/lmtcpsrv.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/lmzlibw.la
lib/rsyslog/lmzlibw.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/ommail.la
lib/rsyslog/ommail.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/omrelp.la
lib/rsyslog/omrelp.so
@comment lib/rsyslog/omtesting.la
lib/rsyslog/omtesting.so
@man man/man5/rsyslog.conf.5
@man man/man8/rsyslogd.8
@bin sbin/rsyslogd
share/examples/rsyslog/
share/examples/rsyslog/rsyslog.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/rsyslog.conf
