@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.12 2010/06/20 16:31:02 ajacoutot Exp $
@bin bin/gcompris
@info info/gcompris.info
lib/gcompris/
@comment lib/gcompris/libadvanced_colors.la
lib/gcompris/libadvanced_colors.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libalgebra.la
lib/gcompris/libalgebra.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libalgebra_guesscount.la
lib/gcompris/libalgebra_guesscount.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libawele.la
lib/gcompris/libawele.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libbillard.la
lib/gcompris/libbillard.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libcanal_lock.la
lib/gcompris/libcanal_lock.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libchess.la
lib/gcompris/libchess.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libclick_on_letter.la
lib/gcompris/libclick_on_letter.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libclickgame.la
lib/gcompris/libclickgame.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libclockgame.la
lib/gcompris/libclockgame.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libcolors.la
lib/gcompris/libcolors.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libcrane.la
lib/gcompris/libcrane.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libenumerate.la
lib/gcompris/libenumerate.so
@comment lib/gcompris/liberase.la
lib/gcompris/liberase.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libfifteen.la
lib/gcompris/libfifteen.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libgletters.la
lib/gcompris/libgletters.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libgoocanvas-gc.la
lib/gcompris/libgoocanvas-gc.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libhanoi.la
lib/gcompris/libhanoi.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libhanoi_real.la
lib/gcompris/libhanoi_real.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libimageid.la
lib/gcompris/libimageid.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libleftright.la
lib/gcompris/libleftright.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libmagic_hat.la
lib/gcompris/libmagic_hat.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libmaze.la
lib/gcompris/libmaze.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libmemory.la
lib/gcompris/libmemory.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libmenu.la
lib/gcompris/libmenu.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libmissingletter.la
lib/gcompris/libmissingletter.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libmoney.la
lib/gcompris/libmoney.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libparatrooper.la
lib/gcompris/libparatrooper.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libphotohunter.la
lib/gcompris/libphotohunter.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libplanegame.la
lib/gcompris/libplanegame.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libpython.la
lib/gcompris/libpython.so
@comment lib/gcompris/librailroad.la
lib/gcompris/librailroad.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libread_colors.la
lib/gcompris/libread_colors.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libreading.la
lib/gcompris/libreading.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libreversecount.la
lib/gcompris/libreversecount.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libscale.la
lib/gcompris/libscale.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libshapegame.la
lib/gcompris/libshapegame.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libsmallnumbers.la
lib/gcompris/libsmallnumbers.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libsubmarine.la
lib/gcompris/libsubmarine.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libsuperbrain.la
lib/gcompris/libsuperbrain.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libtangram.la
lib/gcompris/libtangram.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libtarget.la
lib/gcompris/libtarget.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libtraffic.la
lib/gcompris/libtraffic.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libwordprocessor.la
lib/gcompris/libwordprocessor.so
@comment lib/gcompris/libwordsgame.la
lib/gcompris/libwordsgame.so
@man man/man6/gcompris.6
share/applications/gcompris-edit.desktop
share/applications/gcompris.desktop
share/gcompris/
share/gcompris/boards/
@comment share/gcompris/boards/README
share/gcompris/boards/administration/
share/gcompris/boards/administration.xml
share/gcompris/boards/administration/config_boards.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/administration/config_groups.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/administration/config_profiles.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/administration/config_reports.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/administration/config_users.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/administration/difficulty1.svg
share/gcompris/boards/administration/difficulty2.svg
share/gcompris/boards/administration/difficulty3.svg
share/gcompris/boards/administration/difficulty4.svg
share/gcompris/boards/administration/difficulty5.svg
share/gcompris/boards/administration/difficulty6.svg
share/gcompris/boards/administration/tuxplane.svg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors.svg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors3.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors4.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors5.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors6.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors7.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors8.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/advanced_colors9.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board3.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board4.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board5.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board6.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board7.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board8.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/board9.xml
share/gcompris/boards/advanced_colors/highlight.png
share/gcompris/boards/algebra/
share/gcompris/boards/algebra/scenery2_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_by.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_by.xml
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_group.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_group.xml
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount.xml
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/1.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/10.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/100.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/2.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/25.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/3.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/4.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/5.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/50.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/6.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/7.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/8.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/9.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/README
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/by.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/div.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/equal.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/minus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/plus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/tiger1_RS.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/tigercub003.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/tigerdrink001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_guesscount/tigerplay001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_minus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_minus.xml
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_plus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebra_plus.xml
share/gcompris/boards/algebramenu.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algebramenu.xml
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm.svg
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm.xml
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/apple.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/cerise.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/egg.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/eggpot.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/football.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/glass.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/peer.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/scenery5_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/algorithm/strawberry.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/
share/gcompris/boards/anim.svg
share/gcompris/boards/anim.xml
share/gcompris/boards/anim/Makefile
share/gcompris/boards/anim/Makefile.am
share/gcompris/boards/anim/Makefile.in
share/gcompris/boards/anim/color-selector.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/counter.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/down.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/draw.svg
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-circle.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-circle_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-del.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-del_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-down.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-down_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-empty.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-empty_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-fill.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-fill_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-filledcircle.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-filledcircle_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-filledrectangle.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-filledrectangle_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-flip.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-flip_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-image.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-image_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-line.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-line_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-load.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-movie.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-movie_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-rectangle.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-rectangle_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-rotation-ccw.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-rotation-ccw_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-rotation-cw.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-rotation-cw_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-save.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-select.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-select_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-selector.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-text.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-text_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-up.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/tool-up_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/anim/up.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/
share/gcompris/boards/awele.svg
share/gcompris/boards/awele.xml
share/gcompris/boards/awele/awele_frame.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton1.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton1_clic.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton1_notify.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton2.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton2_clic.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton2_notify.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton3.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton3_clic.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton3_notify.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton4.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton4_clic.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton4_notify.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton5.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton5_clic.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton5_notify.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton6.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton6_clic.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/bouton6_notify.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/graine1.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/graine2.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/graine3.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/graine4.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/graine4bis.png
share/gcompris/boards/awele/sablier.gif
share/gcompris/boards/awele/sablier.txt
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/apple.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/bell.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/bicycle.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/board4_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/board5_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/board6_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/board7_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/bottle.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/car.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/carrot.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/castle.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/crown.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/egg.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/eggpot.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/fishingboat.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/flower.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/flowerpot.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/football.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/fusee.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/glass.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/house.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/lamp.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/lifebuoy.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/light.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/lighthouse.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/minivan.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/pencil.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/postcard.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/postpoint.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/rape.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/raquette.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/sailingboat.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/sofa.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/sound.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/star.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/sun.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/tree.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/truck.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/tuxhelico.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/tuxplane.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/umbrella.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babymatch/windflag5.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes.svg
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_baby_bottle.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_banana.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_bread_slice.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_butter.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_chocolate.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_chocolate_cake.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_cookie.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_french_croissant.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_grapefruit.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_marmelade.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_milk_cup.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_milk_shake.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_orange.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_pear.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_round_cookie.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_suggar_box.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/T_yahourt.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board4_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board5_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board6_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board7_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board8_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board8_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board8_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board8_3.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/board8_4.xml
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog1/
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog1/dog.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog1/dog1.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog1/dog2.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog1/dog3.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/dog.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/dog1.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/dog2.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/dog3.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/dog4.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/dog5.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog2/dog6.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/dog.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/dog1.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/dog2.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/dog3.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/dog4.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/dog5.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/dog3/dog6.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/baby_bottle.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/banana.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/bread_slice.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/butter.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/chocolate.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/chocolate_cake.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/cookie.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/french_croissant.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/grapefruit.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/marmelade.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/milk_cup.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/milk_shake.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/orange.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/pear.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/round_cookie.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/suggar_box.png
share/gcompris/boards/babyshapes/food/yahourt.png
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch.svg
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch.xml
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/beach1.png
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/beach2.png
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/beach3.png
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/beach4.png
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/hand.png
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/shift_key.png
share/gcompris/boards/ballcatch/tux.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/
share/gcompris/boards/bargame.svg
share/gcompris/boards/bargame.xml
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/blue_ball.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/board.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/case.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/case_last.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/enumerate_answer.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/enumerate_answer_focus.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/green_ball.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/mask.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/mask_last.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/ombre.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/school_bg1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/school_bg2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/school_bg3.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/school_bg4.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/tux.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/tux_albert.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/tux_graduate.png
share/gcompris/boards/bargame/tux_teen.png
share/gcompris/boards/billard/
share/gcompris/boards/billard.xml
share/gcompris/boards/billard/foot_background.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/book.svg
share/gcompris/boards/canal_lock/
share/gcompris/boards/canal_lock.svg
share/gcompris/boards/canal_lock.xml
share/gcompris/boards/canal_lock/canal_lock.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/chat.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chat.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chess/
share/gcompris/boards/chess.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chess.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chess/Bb.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/Bk.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/Bn.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/Bp.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/Bq.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/Br.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/WB.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/WK.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/WN.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/WP.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/WQ.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess/WR.png
share/gcompris/boards/chess_computer.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chess_computer.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chess_movelearn.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chess_movelearn.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chess_partyend.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chess_partyend.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/
share/gcompris/boards/chronos.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chronos.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/1.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/1955ds19.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/2.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/3.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/4.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/Eole.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/autumn.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/bell_X1.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/benz1885.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/bg.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/bleriot.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board1_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board1_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board3_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board3_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board3_3.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board3_4.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board4_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board4_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board4_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/board4_3.xml
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/bolle1878.svg
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/celerifere.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/chronos-tuxtree1.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/chronos-tuxtree2.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/chronos-tuxtree3.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/chronos-tuxtree4.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/fardier.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/garden1.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/garden2.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/garden3.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/garden4.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/helico_cornu.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/lancia1923.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/lindbergh.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/mongolfiere.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/rafale.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/renault1899.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/spring.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/st_rocket.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/summer.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/winter.png
share/gcompris/boards/chronos/wright_flyer.png
share/gcompris/boards/click_on_letter/
share/gcompris/boards/click_on_letter.svg
share/gcompris/boards/click_on_letter.xml
share/gcompris/boards/click_on_letter/repeat.svg
share/gcompris/boards/click_on_letter/scenery4_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/click_on_letter/wagon-green.png
share/gcompris/boards/click_on_letter/wagon-yellow.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickanddraw.svg
share/gcompris/boards/clickanddraw.xml
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame.svg
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame.xml
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/QueenAngel_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/QueenAngel_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/blueking2_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/blueking2_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/butfish_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/butfish_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/cichlid1_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/cichlid1_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/cichlid4_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/cichlid4_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/collaris_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/collaris_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/discus2_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/discus2_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/discus3_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/discus3_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/eel_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/eel_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f00_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f00_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f01_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f01_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f02_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f02_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f03_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f03_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f04_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f04_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f05_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f05_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f06_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f06_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f07_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f07_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f08_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f08_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f09_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f09_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f10_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f10_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f11_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f11_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f12_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f12_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f13_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/f13_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/manta_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/manta_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/newf1_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/newf1_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/sea1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/sea2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/sea3.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/sea4.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/sea5.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/sea6.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/shark1_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/shark1_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/six_barred_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/six_barred_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_2.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_3.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_4.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_5.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_6.png
share/gcompris/boards/clickgame/teeth_7.png
share/gcompris/boards/clockgame/
share/gcompris/boards/clockgame.svg
share/gcompris/boards/clockgame.xml
share/gcompris/boards/clockgame/clockgame-bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/colors.svg
share/gcompris/boards/colors.xml
share/gcompris/boards/colors/colors_bg.png
share/gcompris/boards/colors/colors_highlight.png
share/gcompris/boards/colors_group.xml
share/gcompris/boards/computer.svg
share/gcompris/boards/computer.xml
share/gcompris/boards/connect4/
share/gcompris/boards/connect4-2players.xml
share/gcompris/boards/connect4.svg
share/gcompris/boards/connect4.xml
share/gcompris/boards/connect4/back.png
share/gcompris/boards/connect4/sablier.gif
share/gcompris/boards/connect4/sablier.txt
share/gcompris/boards/connect4/stone_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/connect4/stone_2.png
share/gcompris/boards/connect4/tux-teacher.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/
share/gcompris/boards/crane.svg
share/gcompris/boards/crane.xml
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_b.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_down.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_l.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_left.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_r.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_right.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_u.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/arrow_up.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/bulb.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/crane-bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/crane/letter-a.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/letter-b.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/rectangle1.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/rectangle2.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/selected.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/square1.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/square2.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/triangle1.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/triangle2.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/tux.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/water_drop1.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/water_drop2.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/water_spot1.png
share/gcompris/boards/crane/water_spot2.png
share/gcompris/boards/dataset/
share/gcompris/boards/dataset/misc.xml
share/gcompris/boards/dataset/mrpotato.xml
share/gcompris/boards/dataset/tuxpaint_pictures.xml
share/gcompris/boards/dataset/user_pictures.xml
share/gcompris/boards/discovery.svg
share/gcompris/boards/discovery.xml
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry.svg
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry.xml
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r0-g2.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r0-g3.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r0-g4.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r2-g0.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r2-g2.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r2-g3.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r2-g4.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r3-g0.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r3-g2.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r3-g3.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r3-g4.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r4-g0.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r4-g2.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r4-g3.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/circle-r4-g4.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_banane_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_banane_2.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_banane_3.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_galette_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_galette_2.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_galette_3.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_pomme_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_pomme_2.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/d-entry_pomme_3.png
share/gcompris/boards/doubleentry/doubleentry-bg.png
share/gcompris/boards/draw.svg
share/gcompris/boards/draw.xml
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber.svg
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber.xml
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_bear1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_bear2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_de1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_de2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_epouvantail1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_epouvantail2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_fond1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_fou1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_fou2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_hibou1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_hibou2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_house1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_house2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_plane1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_plane2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_poisson1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_poisson2.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_sapin1.png
share/gcompris/boards/drawnumber/dn_sapin2.png
share/gcompris/boards/ear.svg
share/gcompris/boards/electric/
share/gcompris/boards/electric.svg
share/gcompris/boards/electric.xml
share/gcompris/boards/electric/battery.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/battery_dead.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/battery_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb1.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb10.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb11.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb2.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb3.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb4.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb5.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb6.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb7.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb8.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb9.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/bulb_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/connect.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/connect_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/connect_spot.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/diod.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/diode.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/diode_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/resistor.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/resistor_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/resistor_track.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/resistor_track_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/resistor_wiper.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/switch2_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/switch2_off.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/switch2_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/switch_click.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/switch_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/switch_off.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/switch_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/tool-del.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/tool-del_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/tool-select.png
share/gcompris/boards/electric/tool-select_on.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate.svg
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate.xml
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/README
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/baby_bottle.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/banana.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/bread_slice.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/butter.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/chocolate.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/chocolate_cake.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/cookie.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/enumerate_answer.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/enumerate_answer_focus.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/enumerate_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/french_croissant.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/grapefruit.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/marmelade.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/milk_cup.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/milk_shake.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/orange.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/pear.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/round_cookie.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/suggar_box.png
share/gcompris/boards/enumerate/yahourt.png
share/gcompris/boards/erase/
share/gcompris/boards/erase.svg
share/gcompris/boards/erase.xml
share/gcompris/boards/erase/bear001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/black-headed-gull.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/butterfly.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/cat1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/cat2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/cow.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/donkey.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/elephanteauxgc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/flamentrosegc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/girafegc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/horses.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/horses2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/hypogc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/joybear001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/joybear002.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/jumentmulassieregc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/maki1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/maki2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/maki3.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/maki4.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/maki5.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/maki6.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/malaybear002.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/pigeon.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/polabear011.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/polarbear001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/poolbears001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/rhinogc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/sheep_irish.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/sheep_irish2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/singegc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/spectbear001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/sponge.png
share/gcompris/boards/erase/squirrel.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/tetegorillegc.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/tiger1_by_Ralf_Schmode.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/tigercub003.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/tigerdrink001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/tigerplay001.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/erase/transparent_square.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/erase/transparent_square_green.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/erase/transparent_square_yellow.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/erase_2clic.svg
share/gcompris/boards/erase_2clic.xml
share/gcompris/boards/erase_clic.svg
share/gcompris/boards/erase_clic.xml
share/gcompris/boards/experience.svg
share/gcompris/boards/experience.xml
share/gcompris/boards/experimental.xml
share/gcompris/boards/eye_colors.svg
share/gcompris/boards/fifteen/
share/gcompris/boards/fifteen.svg
share/gcompris/boards/fifteen.xml
share/gcompris/boards/fifteen/fifteen_frame.png
share/gcompris/boards/followline/
share/gcompris/boards/followline.svg
share/gcompris/boards/followline.xml
share/gcompris/boards/followline/followline.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/followline/water_spot.svg
share/gcompris/boards/foot.svg
share/gcompris/boards/france_region.svg
share/gcompris/boards/fun.svg
share/gcompris/boards/fun.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/argentina.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/buenos_aires.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/catamarca.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/chaco.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/chubut.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/cordoba.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/corrientes.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/entre_rios.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/formosa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/jujuy.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/la_pampa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/la_rioja.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/mendoza.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/misiones.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/neuquen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/rio_negro.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/salta.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/san_juan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/san_luis.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/santa_cruz.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/santa_fe.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/santiago_del_estero.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/tierra_del_fuego.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/argentina/tucuman.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board10_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board10_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board4_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board5_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board5_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board5_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board6_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board7_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board8_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/board9_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Acre.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Alagoas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Amapa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Amazonas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Bahia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Ceara.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Distrito_Federal.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Espirito_Santo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Goias.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Maranhao.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Mato_Grosso.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Mato_Grosso_do_Sul.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Minas_Gerais.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Para.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Paraiba.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Parana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Pernambuco.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Piaui.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Rio_Grande_do_Norte.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Rio_Grande_do_Sul.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Rio_de_Janeiro.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Rondonia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Roraima.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Santa_Catarina.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Sao_Paulo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Sergipe.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/Tocantins.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/brazil/background.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/alberta.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/background.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/british_columbia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/manitoba.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/new_brunswick.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/newfoundland_labrador.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/northwest_territories.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/nova_scotia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/nunavut.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/ontario.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/prince_edward_island.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/quebec.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/saskatchewan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/canada/yukon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/alsace.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/aquitaine.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/auvergne.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/basse-normandie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/bourgogne.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/bretagne.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/centre.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/champagne-ardenne.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/corse.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/france-regions.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/franche-conte.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/haute-normandie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/ile-de-france.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/languedoc-roussillon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/limousin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/lorraine.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/midi-pyrenees.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/nord-pas-de-calais.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/paca.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/pays-de-la-loire.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/picardie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/poitou-charentes.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/france/rhone-alpes.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/back.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/baden-wuerttemberg.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/bayern.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/berlin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/brandenburg.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/bremen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/hamburg.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/hessen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/mecklenburg-vorpommern.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/niedersachsen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/nordrhein-westfalen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/rheinland-pfalz.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/saarland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/sachsen-anhalt.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/sachsen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/schleswig_holstein.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_bayern.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_berlin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_brandenburg.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_bremen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_hamburg.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_hessen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_niedersachsen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_rheinland-pfalz.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_saarland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_sachsen-anhalt.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_sachsen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/target_thueringen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/tg_baden-wuerttemberg.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/tg_mecklenburg-vorpo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/tg_nordrhein-westfalen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/tg_schleswig_holstein.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/germany/thueringen.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/aguascalientes.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/background.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/baja_california_norte.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/baja_california_sur.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/campeche.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/chiapas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/chihuahua.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/coahuila.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/colima.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/distrito_federal.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/durango.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/estado_de_mexico.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/guanajuato.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/guerrero.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/hidalgo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/jalisco.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/michoacan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/morelos.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/nayarit.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/nuevo_leon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/oaxaca.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/puebla.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/queretaro.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/quintana_roo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/san_luis_potosi.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/sinaloa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/sonora.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/tabasco.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/tamaulipas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/tlaxcala.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/veracruz.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/yucatan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/mexico/zacatecas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/akershus.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/aust-agder.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/buskerud.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/finnmark.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/hedmark.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/hordaland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/more-og-romsdal.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/nord-trondelag.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/nordland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/norway.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/oppland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/oslo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/ostfold.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/rogaland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/sogn-og-fjordane.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/sor-trondelag.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_akershus.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_aust-agder.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_buskerud.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_finnmark.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_hedmark.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_hordaland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_more-og-romsdal.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_nord-trondelag.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_nordland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_oppland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_oslo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_ostfold.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_rogaland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_sogn-og-fjordane.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_sor-trondelag.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_telemark.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_troms.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_vest-agder.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/target_vestfold.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/telemark.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/troms.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/vest-agder.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/norway/vestfold.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/dolnoslaskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/kujawsko-pomorskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/lodzkie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/lubelskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/lubuskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/malopolskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/mazowieckie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/opolskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/podkarpackie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/podlaskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/poland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/pomorskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/slaskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/swietokrzyskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/warminsko-mazurskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/wielkopolskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/poland/zachodnio-pomorskie.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/adana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/adiyaman.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/afyon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/agri.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/aksaray.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/amasya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/ankara.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/antalya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/ardahan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/artvin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/aydin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/balikesir.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/bartin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/batman.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/bayburt.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/bilecik.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/bingol.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/bitlis.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/bolu.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/burdur.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/bursa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/canakkale.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/cankiri.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/corum.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/denizli.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/diyarbakir.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/duzce.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/edirne.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/elazig.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/erzincan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/erzurum.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/eskisehir.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/gaziantep.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/giresun.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/gumushane.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/hakkari.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/hatay.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/igdir.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/isparta.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/istanbul.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/izmir.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kahramanmaras.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/karabuk.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/karaman.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kars.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kastamonu.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kayseri.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kilis.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kirikkale.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kirklareli.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kirsehir.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kocaeli.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/konya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/kutahya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/malatya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/manisa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/mardin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/mersin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/mugla.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/mus.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/nevsehir.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/nigde.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/ordu.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/osmaniye.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/rize.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/sakarya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/samsun.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/sanliurfa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/siirt.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/sinop.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/sirnak.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/sivas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/tekirdag.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/tokat.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/trabzon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/tunceli.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/turkey-east.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/turkey-west.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/turkey.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/usak.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/van.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/yalova.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/yozgat.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/turkey/zonguldak.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/Makefile.am
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/alabama.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/alaska.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/arizona.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/arkansas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/background.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/background1.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/california.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/colorado.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/connecticut.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/delaware.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/florida.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/georgia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/hawai.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/idaho.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/illinois.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/indiana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/iowa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/kansas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/kentucky.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/louisiana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/maine.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/maryland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/massachusetts.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/michigan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/minnesota.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/mississippi.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/missouri.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/montana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/nebraska.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/nevada.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/new_hampshire.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/new_jersey.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/new_mexico.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/new_york.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/north_carolina.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/north_dakota.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/ohio.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/oklahoma.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/oregon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/pennsylvania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/rhode_island.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/south_carolina.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/south_dakota.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/tennessee.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/texas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/utah.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/vermont.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/virginia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/washington.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/washington_dc.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/west_virginia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/wisconsin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geo_country/usa/wyoming.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/geography.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/algeria.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/all_south_africa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/angola.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/benin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/botswana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/burkina_faso.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/burundi.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/cameroon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/central_african_republic.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/chad.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/democratic_republic_of_congo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/djibouti.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/egypt.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/equatorial_guinea.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/eritrea.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/ethiopia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/gabon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/ganbia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/ghana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/guinea.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/guinea_bissau.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/ivory_coast.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/kenya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/lesotho.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/liberia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/libya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/madagascar.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/malawi.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/mali.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/mauritania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/moroco.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/mozambique.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/namibia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/niger.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/nigeria.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/north_africa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/republic_of_congo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/rwanda.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/senegal.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/sierra_leone.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/somalia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/south_africa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/sudan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/swaziland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/tanzania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/togo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/tunisia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/uganda.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/western_sahara.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/zambia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/africa/zimbabwe.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/africa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/algeria.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/angola.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/benin.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/botswana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/burkina.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/cameroon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/chad.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/congo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/egypt.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/eritrea.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/ethiopia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/gabon.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/ghana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/guinea.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/ivory_coast.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/kenya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/liberia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/libya.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/madagascar.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/malawi.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/mali.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/mauritania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/moroco.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/mozambique.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/namibia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/niger.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/nigeria.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/rep_centrafrique.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/rep_congo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/senegal.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/somalia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/soudan.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/south_africa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/tanzania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/togo.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/tunisia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/uganda.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/zambia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/afrique/zimbabwe.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board2_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board3_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board4_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board4_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/board4_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/africa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/america.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/antartica.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/asia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/back.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/europa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/continents/oceania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/albania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/austria.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/belarus.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/belgium.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/bosnia_herzegovina.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/bulgaria.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/croatia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/cyprus.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/czech.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/denmark.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/estonia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/europe.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/finland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/france.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/germany.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/greece.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/hungary.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/iceland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/ireland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/italy.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/latvia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/lithuania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/luxembourg.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/macedonia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/moldova.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/netherland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/norway.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/poland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/portugal.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/romania.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/russia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/serbia_montenegro.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/slovakia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/slovenia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/spain.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/sweden.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/switz.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/turkey.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/ukraine.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/europe/united_kingdom.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/alaska.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/bahamas.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/canada.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/cuba.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/dominican_republic.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/greenland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/haiti.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/iceland.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/jamaica.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/mexico.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/north_america.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/usa-complete.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/northamerica/usa.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/argentina.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/bolivia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/brazil.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/chile.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/colombia.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/ecuador.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/french_guiana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/guyana.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/panama.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/paraguay.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/peru.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/south_america.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/suriname.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/uruguay.png
share/gcompris/boards/geography/southamerica/venezuela.png
share/gcompris/boards/geometry.svg
share/gcompris/boards/geometry.xml
share/gcompris/boards/gletters/
share/gcompris/boards/gletters.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gletters.xml
share/gcompris/boards/gletters/scenery_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/globe.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-equal.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-equality.xml
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-factors.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-factors.xml
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-inequal.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-inequality.xml
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-multiples.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-multiples.xml
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-primes.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch-primes.xml
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch.svg
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/Makefile.am
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/diaper.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/diaper.txt
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/diaper_eating.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/diaper_walking.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/eater.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/eater.txt
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/eater_eating.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/eater_walking.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/fraidy.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/fraidy.txt
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/fraidy_eating.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/fraidy_walking.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/muncher.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/muncher.txt
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/muncher_eating.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/muncher_walking.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/reggie.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/reggie.txt
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/reggie_eating.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/reggie_walking.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/smarty.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/smarty.txt
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/smarty_eating.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumch/smarty_walking.gif
share/gcompris/boards/gnumchmenu.xml
share/gcompris/boards/guessnumber/
share/gcompris/boards/guessnumber.svg
share/gcompris/boards/guessnumber.xml
share/gcompris/boards/guessnumber/cave.png
share/gcompris/boards/guessnumber/tuxhelico.png
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi.svg
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi.xml
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real/
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real.svg
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real.xml
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real/disc1.png
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real/disc2.png
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real/disc3.png
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real/disc4.png
share/gcompris/boards/hanoi_real/disc_support.png
share/gcompris/boards/helicogame.svg
share/gcompris/boards/hexagon/
share/gcompris/boards/hexagon.svg
share/gcompris/boards/hexagon.xml
share/gcompris/boards/hexagon/strawberry.svg
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/
share/gcompris/boards/imageid.svg
share/gcompris/boards/imageid.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/avion.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/ballon.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/banana.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/bed.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/board1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/board2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/bottle.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/cake.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/car.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/cartable.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/chien.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/fish.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/imageid-bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/maison.png
share/gcompris/boards/imageid/pomme.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/
share/gcompris/boards/imagename.svg
share/gcompris/boards/imagename.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/apple.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/bicycle.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/board4_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/board5_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/board6_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/board7_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/bottle.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/car.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/carot.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/castle.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/cocotier.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/crown.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/egg.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/eggpot.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/fishingboat.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/flower.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/flowerpot.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/football.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/fusee.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/glass.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/house.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/lamp.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/light.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/lighthouse.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/minivan.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/pencil.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/postcard.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/postpoint.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/rape.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/raquette.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/sailingboat.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/sapin.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/sofa.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/star.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/tree.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/truck.png
share/gcompris/boards/imagename/windflag5.png
share/gcompris/boards/keyboard.svg
share/gcompris/boards/keyboard.xml
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/
share/gcompris/boards/leftright.svg
share/gcompris/boards/leftright.xml
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/leftright-bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_dessus_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_dessus_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_dessus_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_dessus_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_paume_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_paume_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_paume_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_droite_paume_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_dessus_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_dessus_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_dessus_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_dessus_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_paume_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_paume_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_paume_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/main_gauche_paume_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_dessus_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_dessus_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_dessus_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_dessus_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_paume_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_paume_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_paume_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_droit_paume_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_dessus_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_dessus_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_dessus_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_dessus_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_paume_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_paume_180.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_paume_270.png
share/gcompris/boards/leftright/poing_gauche_paume_90.png
share/gcompris/boards/lightsoff/
share/gcompris/boards/lightsoff.svg
share/gcompris/boards/lightsoff.xml
share/gcompris/boards/lightsoff/back.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/lightsoff/onoff.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/login/
share/gcompris/boards/login.xml
share/gcompris/boards/login/scenery2_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/login/scenery3_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/login/scenery4_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/login/scenery5_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/login/scenery6_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/hat-point.png
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/hat.png
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/magic_hat_minus.png
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/magic_hat_minus_bg.png
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/magic_hat_plus.png
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/magic_hat_plus_bg.png
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/star-clear.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/star1.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/star2.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat/star3.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat_minus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat_minus.xml
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat_plus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/magic_hat_plus.xml
share/gcompris/boards/math.svg
share/gcompris/boards/math.xml
share/gcompris/boards/maze/
share/gcompris/boards/maze.svg
share/gcompris/boards/maze.xml
share/gcompris/boards/maze/door.png
share/gcompris/boards/maze/maze-2d-bubble.svg
share/gcompris/boards/maze/maze-3d-bubble.svg
share/gcompris/boards/maze/maze-bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/maze/tux_top_south.svg
share/gcompris/boards/maze2DRelative.xml
share/gcompris/boards/maze3D.svg
share/gcompris/boards/maze3D.xml
share/gcompris/boards/mazeInvisible.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mazeInvisible.xml
share/gcompris/boards/mazeMenu.xml
share/gcompris/boards/melody/
share/gcompris/boards/melody.svg
share/gcompris/boards/melody.xml
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_background.svg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_cursor.svg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son1.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son2.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son3.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/guitar_son4.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/switch.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_background.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_cursor.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son1.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son2.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son3.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/tachos_son4.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_background.svg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_cursor.png
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son1.svg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son2.svg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son3.svg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/melody/xylofon_son4.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_all.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_calc.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_div.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_minus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_mult.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_mult_div.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_plus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_solo_plus_minus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_all.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_calc.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_div.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_minus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_mult.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_mult_div.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_plus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mem_tux_plus_minus.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memo_enumerate.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memo_wordnumber.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/
share/gcompris/boards/memory.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory/01_cat.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/02_pig.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/03_bear.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/04_hippopotamus.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/05_penguin.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/06_cow.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/07_sheep.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/08_turtle.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/09_panda.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/10_chicken.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/11_redbird.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/12_wolf.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/13_monkey.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/14_fox.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/15_bluebirds.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/16_elephant.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/17_lion.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/18_gnu.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/19_bluebaby.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/20_greenbaby.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/21_frog.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/COPYRIGHT
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRApplauses_1_LA_cut.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRBark_1_LA_cut.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRBark_3_LA_cut.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRBuddhist_gong_05_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRDoor_Open_2_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFactory_noise_01_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFactory_noise_02_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFactory_noise_03_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFactory_noise_04_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFactory_noise_05_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFactory_noise_06_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFireballs_01_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRFrogsInPondDuringStormLACut.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRHeart_beat_01_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRHits_01_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRLaPause_short.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRObject_falling_01_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRObject_falling_02_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRRain_in_garden_01_LA_cut.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRRing_01_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRStartAndStopCarEngine1LACut.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRTrain_slowing_down_01_LA_cut.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRWeird_1_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRWeird_2_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRWeird_3_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRWeird_4_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRWeird_5_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/LRWeird_6_LA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/Licence.txt
share/gcompris/boards/memory/README
share/gcompris/boards/memory/Tux_mute.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/Tux_play.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/backcard.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/emptycard.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/gcompris_band.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/guitar_melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/guitar_son1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/guitar_son2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/guitar_son3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/guitar_son4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_0.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_1.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_2.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_3.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_4.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_5.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_6.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_7.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_8.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/math_9.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/plick.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/scenery_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory/space1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/space2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tachos_melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tachos_son1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tachos_son2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tachos_son3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tachos_son4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tick.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tri.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/memory/tux-teacher.png
share/gcompris/boards/memory_add.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_add_minus.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_add_minus_mult_div.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_add_minus_mult_div_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_add_minus_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_add_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_div.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_div_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_elephant.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory_enumerate.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_group.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_minus.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_minus_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_mult.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_mult_div.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_mult_div_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_mult_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_op_group.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_op_group_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_sound.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory_sound.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_sound_tux.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory_sound_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_tux.svg
share/gcompris/boards/memory_tux.xml
share/gcompris/boards/memory_wordnumber.xml
share/gcompris/boards/menu.xml
share/gcompris/boards/miscelaneous.svg
share/gcompris/boards/miscelaneous.xml
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter.svg
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter.xml
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/avion.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/ballon.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/banana.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/bed.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/board1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/board2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/board3.xml
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/board4.xml
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/board5.xml
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/bottle.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/button.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/button_selected.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/cake.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/car.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/cartable.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/chien.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/fish.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/maison.png
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/missingletter-bg.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/missing_letter/pomme.png
share/gcompris/boards/money/
share/gcompris/boards/money.svg
share/gcompris/boards/money.xml
share/gcompris/boards/money/apple.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/banane.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/bicycle.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/bottle.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c10c.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c1c.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c1e.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c20c.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c2c.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c2e.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c50c.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/c5c.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/cake.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/carot.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/cerise.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/crown.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/eggpot.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/football.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/lamp.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/light.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/money-bg.png
share/gcompris/boards/money/n10e.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/n20e.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/n50e.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/n5e.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/orange.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money/pamplemousse.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/money_cents.svg
share/gcompris/boards/money_cents.xml
share/gcompris/boards/mosaic/
share/gcompris/boards/mosaic.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mosaic.xml
share/gcompris/boards/mosaic/button_checked.png
share/gcompris/boards/mosaic/mosaic_bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/mosaic/mosaic_palette.png
share/gcompris/boards/mouse.svg
share/gcompris/boards/mouse.xml
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/README
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/barbe1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/barbe12.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/body.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/body2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/bouc1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/bouche1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/bouche2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/bouche3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/bouche4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/bouche9.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/cheveux1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/cheveux2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/cheveux3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/cheveux4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/cheveux5.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/cil1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear11.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear12.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear21.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear22.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear31.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear32.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear41.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear42.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/ear_jewell.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye11.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye12.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye21.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye22.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye31.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye32.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye41.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye42.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye51.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye52.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye6.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye7.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye8.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eye9.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyeball.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair11.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair12.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair21.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair22.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair31.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair32.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair41.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/eyehair42.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/glasses1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/glasses2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hair1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hair2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hair3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hair4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hair5.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hat.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hat1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hat2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hat3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/hat4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/jewelry1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/jewelry2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/jewelry3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/jewelry4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/larme.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/lunette1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/lunette1_sun.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/lunette_girl.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/lunette_girl_sun.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mousta1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/moustache1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/moustache2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/moustache41.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/moustache42.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/moustaches31.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/moustaches32.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth5.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth6.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth7.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mouth8.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/mrpatate_icon.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/nez1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/noeye.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/noze1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/noze2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/noze3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/noze4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/oeuil1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/oeuil2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/oeuil3.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/oeuil4.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/sherif.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/tie1.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/tie2.png
share/gcompris/boards/mrpatate/watch.png
share/gcompris/boards/music/
share/gcompris/boards/music/COPYRIGHT
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/BachJSBrandenburgConcertNo2inFMajorBWV1047mvmt1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/BarDasImagens.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/COPYRIGHT
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/LRLaPause.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/Mozart__WA_-_String_Quartet_No.2_in_D_Mvmt_3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/bontemp1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/glockenschmoutz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/music/background/vaudeville.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/music/intro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/numeration.svg
share/gcompris/boards/numeration.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/
share/gcompris/boards/paintings.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Librarian_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Spring_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Spring_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Spring_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Spring_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Spring_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Arcimboldo_Spring_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Primaver_d4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Botticelli_Venus_d4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/EjiriSuruga_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/GreatWave_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeHorsePrawns_d4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HiroshigeInokashiraSnow_d4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_d4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_e1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_e2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_e3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiBridge_e4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiOiranKamuro_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiOiranKamuro_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiOiranKamuro_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiOiranKamuro_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiOiranKamuro_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiOiranKamuro_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_a5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_b5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_c5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_d4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_d5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_e1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_e2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_e3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_e4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiPoppies_e5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/HokusaiWomanHoldingFan_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_a5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_b5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_c5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_d1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_d2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_d3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_d4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_d5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_e1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_e2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_e3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_e4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/KazusaSeaRoute_e5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Le_Caravage_Egypte_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_a1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_a2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_a3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_a4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_b1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_b2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_b3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_b4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_c1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_c2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_c3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/Michelangelo_Pieta_c4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/bazille_rampart_1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/bazille_rampart_2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/bazille_rampart_3.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/bazille_rampart_4.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/bazille_rampart_5.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/bazille_rampart_6.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_10.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_11.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_12.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_3.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_4.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_5.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_6.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_7.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_8.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board1_9.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board2_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board2_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board2_2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board2_3.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board3_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board3_1.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board4_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board5_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/board6_0.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/cassat_summertime_1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/cassat_summertime_2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/cassat_summertime_3.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/cassat_summertime_4.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/cassat_summertime_5.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/cassat_summertime_6.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/degas_class-dance_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/degas_class-dance_2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/degas_class-dance_3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/degas_class-dance_4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/degas_class-dance_5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/degas_class-dance_6.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/gogh_auvert_1.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/gogh_auvert_2.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/gogh_auvert_3.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/gogh_auvert_4.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/gogh_auvert_5.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/gogh_auvert_6.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_6.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_7.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/kandinky_8.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-6.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-7.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-filles_piano-8.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-moulin_de_la_galette-1.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-moulin_de_la_galette-2.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-moulin_de_la_galette-3.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-moulin_de_la_galette-4.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-moulin_de_la_galette-5.png
share/gcompris/boards/paintings/renoir-moulin_de_la_galette-6.png
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper/
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper.xml
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper/cloud.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper/fishingboat.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper/minitux.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper/parachute.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper/scenery3_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/paratrooper/tuxplane.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/penalty/
share/gcompris/boards/penalty.svg
share/gcompris/boards/penalty.xml
share/gcompris/boards/penalty/penalty_bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter.svg
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter.xml
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_0a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_0b.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_1a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_1b.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_2a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_2b.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_3a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_3b.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_4a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_4b.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_5a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_5b.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_6a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board1_6b.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board2_0a.png
share/gcompris/boards/photohunter/board2_0b.png
share/gcompris/boards/planegame/
share/gcompris/boards/planegame.xml
share/gcompris/boards/planegame/cloud.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/planegame/scenery3_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/planegame/tuxhelico.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/puzzle.xml
share/gcompris/boards/puzzles.svg
share/gcompris/boards/python.svg
share/gcompris/boards/pythontemplate.xml
share/gcompris/boards/pythontest.xml
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/
share/gcompris/boards/railroad.svg
share/gcompris/boards/railroad.xml
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco1.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco2.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco3.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco4.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco5.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco6.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco7.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco8.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/loco9.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/railroad-bg.svg
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon1.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon10.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon11.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon12.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon13.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon14.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon2.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon3.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon4.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon5.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon6.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon7.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon8.png
share/gcompris/boards/railroad/wagon9.png
share/gcompris/boards/read_colors/
share/gcompris/boards/read_colors.svg
share/gcompris/boards/read_colors.xml
share/gcompris/boards/read_colors/read_colors_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/read_colors/read_colors_highlight.png
share/gcompris/boards/read_colors2.svg
share/gcompris/boards/reading.svg
share/gcompris/boards/reading.xml
share/gcompris/boards/readingh/
share/gcompris/boards/readingh.svg
share/gcompris/boards/readingh.xml
share/gcompris/boards/readingh/reading-bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/readingv.xml
share/gcompris/boards/redraw/
share/gcompris/boards/redraw.svg
share/gcompris/boards/redraw.xml
share/gcompris/boards/redraw/mini_bad.png
share/gcompris/boards/redraw/redraw.svg
share/gcompris/boards/redraw_symmetrical/
share/gcompris/boards/redraw_symmetrical.xml
share/gcompris/boards/redraw_symmetrical/redraw_symmetry.svg
share/gcompris/boards/redraw_symmetry.svg
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount.svg
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount.xml
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/QueenAngel_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/baleine.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/blueking2_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/butfish_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/cichlid1_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/cichlid4_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/collaris_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice0.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice1.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice2.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice3.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice4.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice5.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice6.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice7.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice8.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice9.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/dice_area.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/discus2_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/discus3_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/eel_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/elephant_mer.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/epaulard.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f00_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f01_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f02_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f03_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f04_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f05_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f06_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f07_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f08_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f09_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f10_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f11_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f12_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/f13_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/iceblock.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/manta_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/morse.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/narval.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/newf1_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/ourspolaire.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/phoque.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/shark1_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/six_barred_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/teeth_0.png
share/gcompris/boards/reversecount/tux_top_south.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/scale/
share/gcompris/boards/scale/balance.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/bras.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/chocolate_cake.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/flowerpot.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/glass.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/masse.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/orange.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/pear.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/plateau.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/suggar_box.png
share/gcompris/boards/scale/tabepice.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/scalesboard.xml
share/gcompris/boards/scalesboard_weight.svg
share/gcompris/boards/scalesboard_weight.xml
share/gcompris/boards/scalesicon.svg
share/gcompris/boards/searace/
share/gcompris/boards/searace.svg
share/gcompris/boards/searace.xml
share/gcompris/boards/searace/arrow.png
share/gcompris/boards/searace/top_boat_green.png
share/gcompris/boards/searace/top_boat_green_tux.png
share/gcompris/boards/searace/top_boat_red.png
share/gcompris/boards/searace1player.svg
share/gcompris/boards/searace1player.xml
share/gcompris/boards/shapegame/
share/gcompris/boards/shapegame.svg
share/gcompris/boards/shapegame/hand.svg
share/gcompris/boards/skins/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/README
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/README
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/cursors/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/cursors/default.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/fsflogo.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/gcompris-about.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/skin.svg
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/skin.xml
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/README
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock1.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock10.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock2.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock3.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock4.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock5.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock6.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock7.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock8.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/clock9.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier.gif
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier1.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier10.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier2.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier3.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier4.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier5.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier6.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier7.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier8.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/babytoy/timers/sablier9.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/README
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/README
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/flower_bad.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/flower_good.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/gnu_bad.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/gnu_good.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/lion_bad.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/lion_good.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/smiley_bad.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/smiley_good.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/tux_bad.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/bonus/tux_good.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/circle.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/default.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/del.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/fill.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/fillcircle.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/fillrect.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/line.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/rect.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/cursors/select.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/fsflogo.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/gcompris-about.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/skin.svg
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/skin.xml
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/README
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock1.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock10.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock2.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock3.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock4.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock5.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock6.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock7.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock8.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/clock9.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier.gif
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier1.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier10.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier2.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier3.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier4.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier5.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier6.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier7.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier8.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sablier9.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/sea.png
share/gcompris/boards/skins/gartoon/timers/tuxballoon.png
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers.svg
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers.xml
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice0.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice1.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice2.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice3.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice4.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice5.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice6.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice7.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice8.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/dice9.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers/scenery7_background.png
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers2.svg
share/gcompris/boards/smallnumbers2.xml
share/gcompris/boards/sound_group.xml
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/Harbor1.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/Harbor3.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/README
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/Water5.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/apert2.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/bleep.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/bonus.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/brick.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/bubble.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/crash.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/darken.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/drip.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/eat.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/eraser1.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/eraser2.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/flip.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/gobble.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/grow.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/level.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/line_end.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/paint1.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/prompt.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/receive.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/scroll.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/smudge.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/train.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/tuxok.wav
share/gcompris/boards/sounds/youcannot.wav
share/gcompris/boards/strategy.svg
share/gcompris/boards/strategy.xml
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/
share/gcompris/boards/submarine.svg
share/gcompris/boards/submarine.xml
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/alert_submarine.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/asw_frigate.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/bubbling.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/crown.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/down.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/manette.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/rudder.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/sub_bg.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/sub_schema.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/submarine-broken.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/submarine.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/up.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/vanne.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/whale.png
share/gcompris/boards/submarine/whale_hit.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku.svg
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku.xml
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/circle.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/circle_grey.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/rectangle.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/rectangle_grey.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/rhombus.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/rhombus_grey.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/star.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/star_grey.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/triangle.png
share/gcompris/boards/sudoku/triangle_grey.png
share/gcompris/boards/superbrain/
share/gcompris/boards/superbrain.svg
share/gcompris/boards/superbrain.xml
share/gcompris/boards/superbrain/superbrain_background.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/
share/gcompris/boards/tangram.svg
share/gcompris/boards/tangram.xml
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/default.figures
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/gtans_2x-rotate-left.png
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/gtans_2x-rotate.png
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/gtans_bg.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/gtans_outline.png
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/gtans_rotate-left.png
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/gtans_rotate.png
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/gtans_show.png
share/gcompris/boards/tangram/tool-flip.png
share/gcompris/boards/target/
share/gcompris/boards/target.svg
share/gcompris/boards/target.xml
share/gcompris/boards/target/target_background.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/traffic/
share/gcompris/boards/traffic.svg
share/gcompris/boards/traffic.xml
share/gcompris/boards/traffic/traffic-bg.jpg
share/gcompris/boards/tuxpaint.svg
share/gcompris/boards/tuxpaint.xml
share/gcompris/boards/tuxpara.svg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/HOWTO_ENCODE
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0623.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0628.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U062A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U062B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U062C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U062D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U062E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U062F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0630.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0631.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0632.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0633.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0634.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0635.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0636.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0637.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0638.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0639.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U063A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0641.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0642.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0643.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0644.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0645.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0646.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0647.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U0648.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/alphabet/U064A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ar/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ast/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0430.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0431.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0432.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0433.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0434.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0435.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0436.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0437.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0438.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0439.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U043A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U043B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U043C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U043D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U043E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U043F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0440.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0441.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0442.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0443.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0444.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0445.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0446.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0447.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0448.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U0449.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U044A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U044C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U044E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/alphabet/U044F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/bg/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/alsace.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/aquitaine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/auvergne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/basse-normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/bourgogne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/bretagne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/centre.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/champagne-ardenne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/corse.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/franche-conte.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/haute-normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/ile-de-france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/languedoc-roussillon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/limousin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/lorraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/midi-pyrenees.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/nord-pas-de-calais.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/pays-de-la-loire.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/picardie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/poitou-charentes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/provence-alpes-cote_d_azur.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/france_region/rhone-alpes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/br/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U00E1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U00E9.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U00ED.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U00F3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U00FA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U00FD.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U010D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U010F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U011B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0148.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0159.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0161.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U0165.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U016F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/alphabet/U017E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/cs/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U00E5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U00E6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/alphabet/U00F8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/da/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/de/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0391.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0392.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0393.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0394.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0395.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0396.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0397.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0398.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U0399.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U039A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U039B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U039C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U039D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U039E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U039F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A0.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A7.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03A9.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B7.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03B9.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03BA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03BB.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03BC.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03BD.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03BE.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03BF.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C0.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C7.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/alphabet/U03C9.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/algeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/basse_normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/burkina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/cameroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/central_african_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/chad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/dijibouti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/djibouti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/equatorial_guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/eritrea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/ethiopia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/guinea_bissau.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/lesotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/liberia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/libya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/malawi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/mauritania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/moldavia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/nambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/namibia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/republic_of_congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/rwanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/sierra_leone.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/soudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/swaziland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/tanzania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/tunisia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/el/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/advanced_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/algorithm.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/awele.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/babymatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/babyshapes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/ballcatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/bargame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/canal_lock.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/chat.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/chess_computer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/chess_movelearn.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/chess_partyend.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/chronos.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/clickanddraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/clickgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/clockgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/connect4-2players.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/connect4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/crane.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/doubleentry.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/enumerate.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/erase.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/erase_clic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/fifteen.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/followline.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/geography.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/gletters.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/gnumch-inequality.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/guesscount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/guessnumber.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/hexagon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/imageid.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/imagename.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/leftright.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/magic_hat_minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/magic_hat_plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/maze.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/maze2DRelative.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/maze3D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/mazeInvisible.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_add_minus_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_add_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_add_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_mult_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_sound.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/memory_sound_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/missing_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/money.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/money_cents.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/mosaic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/paintings.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/planegame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/railroad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/read_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/readingh.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/readingv.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/redraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/redraw_symmetrical.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/reversecount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/smallnumbers.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/sudoku.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/superbrain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/tangram.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/target.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/traffic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/watercycle.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/wordprocessor.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/intro/wordsgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/en/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0109.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U011D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0125.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U0135.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U015D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/alphabet/U016D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eo/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/es/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/eu/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U00E4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U00E5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/alphabet/U00F6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fi/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/alsace.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/aquitaine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/auvergne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/basse-normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/bourgogne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/bretagne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/centre.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/champagne-ardenne.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/corse.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/franche-conte.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/haute-normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/ile-de-france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/languedoc-roussillon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/limousin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/lorraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/midi-pyrenees.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/nord-pas-de-calais.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/pays-de-la-loire.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/picardie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/poitou-charentes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/provence-alpes-cote_d_azur.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/france_region/rhone-alpes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/COPYRIGHT
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/advanced_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/algorithm.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/awele.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/babymatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/babyshapes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/ballcatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/bargame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/canal_lock.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/chat.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/chess_computer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/chess_movelearn.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/chess_partyend.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/chronos.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/clickanddraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/clickgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/clockgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/connect4-2players.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/connect4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/crane.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/doubleentry.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/drawnumber.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/enumerate.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/erase.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/erase_clic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/fifteen.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/followline.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/geo_country.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/geography.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/gletters.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/gnumch-equality-2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/gnumch-equality.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/gnumch-factors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/gnumch-inequality.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/gnumch-multiples.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/gnumch-primes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/guesscount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/guessnumber.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/hexagon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/imageid.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/imagename.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/leftright.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/magic_hat_minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/magic_hat_plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/maze.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/maze2DRelative.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/maze3D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/mazeInvisible.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_add_minus_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_add_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_add_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_mult_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_sound.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_sound_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/memory_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/missing_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/money.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/money_cents.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/mosaic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/paintings.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/planegame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/railroad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/read_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/readingh.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/readingv.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/redraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/redraw_symmetrical.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/reversecount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/scalesboard.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/smallnumbers.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/smallnumbers2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/sudoku.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/superbrain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/tangram.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/target.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/traffic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/watercycle.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/wordprocessor.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/intro/wordsgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/fr/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/100.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/30.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/40.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/50.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/60.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/70.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/80.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/90.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D0.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D7.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05D9.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05DA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05DB.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05DC.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05DD.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05DE.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05DF.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E0.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E1.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E3.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E7.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05E9.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/U05EA.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/V.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/alphabet/readme
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/he/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/algeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/basse_normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/burkina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/cameroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/central_african_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/chad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/dijibouti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/equatorial_guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/eritrea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/ethiopia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/guinea_bissau.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/lesotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/liberia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/libya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/malawi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/mauritania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/nambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/republic_of_congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/rwanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/sierra_leone.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/soudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/swaziland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/tanzania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/tunisia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hi/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/hu/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/id/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/it/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/algeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/burkina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/cameroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/central_african_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/chad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/djibouti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/equatorial_guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/eritrea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/ethiopia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/guinea_bissau.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/lesotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/liberia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/libya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/malawi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/mauritania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/namibia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/republic_of_congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/rwanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/sierra_leone.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/soudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/swaziland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/tanzania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/tunisia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/mr/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U00E5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U00E6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/alphabet/U00F8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/cameroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/equatorial_guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/eritrea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/lesotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/liberia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/mauritania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/namibia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/rwanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/soudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/swaziland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nb/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nl/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U00E5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U00E6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/alphabet/U00F8.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/cameroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/equatorial_guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/eritrea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/lesotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/liberia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/mauritania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/namibia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/rwanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/soudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/swaziland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/nn/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/10.raw
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/10.wav
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0080.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0081.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0082.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0083.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0084.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0085.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/alphabets/U0086.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/algeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/basse_normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/bosnia_harzeginia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/bukrina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/camaroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/central_african_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/chad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/dijibouti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/equador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/equitorial_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/eritria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/ethopia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/gayana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/guinea_bissau.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/jamica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/libriya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/libya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/lisotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/lituania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/luxemberg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/malawi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/marutania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/mascedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/maxico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/nambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/nicargua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/ociana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/purtgal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/rawanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/republic_of_congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/sierria_leone.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/slovania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/sudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/swedan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/switzerland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/swiz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/tanzania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/tunasia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/veninzuala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/awsome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/check answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/congractulations.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/way_to_go.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pa/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/advanced_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/algorithm.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/awele.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/babymatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/babyshapes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/ballcatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/bargame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/canal_lock.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/chat.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/chess_computer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/chess_movelearn.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/chess_partyend.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/chronos.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/clickanddraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/clickgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/clockgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/connect4-2players.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/connect4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/crane.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/doubleentry.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/drawnumber.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/enumerate.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/erase.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/erase_clic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/fifteen.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/followline.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/geo_country.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/geography.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/gletters.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/gnumch-equality.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/gnumch-factors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/gnumch-inequality.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/gnumch-multiples.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/gnumch-primes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/guesscount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/guessnumber.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/hexagon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/imageid.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/imagename.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/leftright.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/magic_hat_minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/magic_hat_plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/maze.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/maze2DRelative.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/maze3D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/mazeInvisible.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_add_minus_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_add_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_add_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_mult_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_sound.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_sound_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/memory_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/missing_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/money.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/money_cents.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/mosaic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/paintings.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/railroad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/read_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/readingh.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/readingv.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/redraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/redraw_symmetrical.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/reversecount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/scalesboard.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/smallnumbers.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/smallnumbers2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/sudoku.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/superbrain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/tangram.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/target.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/traffic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/watercycle.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/wordprocessor.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/intro/wordsgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U006H.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/pt_BR/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0430.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0431.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0432.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0433.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0434.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0435.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0436.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0437.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0438.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0439.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U043A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U043B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U043C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U043D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U043E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U043F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0440.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0441.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0442.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0443.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0444.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0445.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0446.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0447.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0448.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0449.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U044A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U044B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U044C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U044D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U044E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U044F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/alphabet/U0451.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ru/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/so/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/cc.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/ch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/dj.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/dz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/lj.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/nj.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/readme
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/sh.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/alphabet/zh.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/readme
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/readme
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/serbia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/readme
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sr/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U00E4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U00E5.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/alphabet/U00F6.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/sv/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/algeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/burkina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/cameroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/central_african_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/chad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/djibouti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/equatorial_guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/eritrea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/ethiopia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/guinea_bissau.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/lesotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/liberia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/libya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/malawi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/mauritania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/namibia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/republic_of_congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/rwanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/sierra_leone.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/soudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/swaziland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/tanzania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/tunisia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/tr/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/algeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/angola.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/antartica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/asia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/basse_normandie.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/benin.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/botswana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/burkina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/burundi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/cameroon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/central_african_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/chad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/czech.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/dijibouti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/egypt.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/equatorial_guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/eritrea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/ethiopia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/europe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/gabon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/gambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/ghana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/guinea.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/guinea_bissau.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/ivory_coast.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/kenya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/lesotho.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/liberia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/libya.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/madagascar.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/malawi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/mali.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/mauritania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/moroco.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/mozambique.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/nambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/niger.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/nigeria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/north_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/oceania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/republic_of_congo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/rwanda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/senegal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/sierra_leone.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/somalia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/soudan.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/south_africa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/south_america.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/swaziland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/tanzania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/togo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/tunisia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/uganda.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/zambia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/geography/zimbabwe.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/about.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/configuration.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/ur/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/10.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/11.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/12.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/13.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/14.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/15.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/16.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/17.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/18.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/19.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/20.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0030.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0031.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0032.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0033.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0034.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0035.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0036.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0037.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0038.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0039.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0061.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0062.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0063.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0064.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0065.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0066.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0067.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0068.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0069.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U006A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U006B.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U006C.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U006D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U006E.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U006F.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0070.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0071.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0072.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0073.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0074.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0075.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0076.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0077.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0078.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U0079.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/alphabet/U007A.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/black.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/blue.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/brown.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/green.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/grey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/orange.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/pink.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/purple.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/red.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/white.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/colors/yellow.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/alaska.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/albania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/argentina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/austria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/bahamas.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/belarus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/belgium.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/bolivia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/bosnia_herzegovina.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/brazil.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/bulgaria.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/canada.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/chile.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/colombia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/costa_rica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/croatia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/cuba.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/cyprus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/denmark.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/dominican_republic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/ecuador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/estonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/finland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/france.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/french_guiana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/germany.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/greece.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/greenland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/guatemala.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/guyana.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/haiti.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/honduras.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/hungary.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/iceland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/ireland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/italy.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/jamaica.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/latvia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/lithuania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/luxembourg.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/macedonia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/mexico.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/moldova.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/netherland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/nicaragua.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/norway.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/panama.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/paraguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/peru.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/poland.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/portugal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/romania.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/russia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/salvador.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/serbia_montenegro.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/slovakia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/slovenia.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/spain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/suriname.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/sweden.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/switz.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/turkey.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/ukraine.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/united_kingdom.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/uruguay.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/usa.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/geography/venezuela.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/advanced_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/algebra_guesscount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/algorithm.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/awele.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/babymatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/babyshapes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/ballcatch.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/bargame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/billard.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/canal_lock.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/chat.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/chess_partyend.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/chronos.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/clickanddraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/clickgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/clockgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/connect4-2players.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/connect4.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/crane.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/doubleentry.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/drawnumber.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/electric.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/enumerate.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/erase.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/erase_clic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/fifteen.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/followline.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/geo_country.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/geography.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/gletters.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/gnumch-equality.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/gnumch-factors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/gnumch-inequality.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/gnumch-multiples.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/gnumch-primes.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/guessnumber.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/hanoi.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/hanoi_real.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/hexagon.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/imageid.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/imagename.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/leftright.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/magic_hat_minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/magic_hat_plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/maze.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/maze2DRelative.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/maze3D.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/mazeInvisible.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/melody.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_add_minus_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_add_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_add_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_minus_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_mult_div_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_mult_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_sound.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_sound_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/memory_tux.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/missing_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/money.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/money_cents.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/mosaic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/paintings.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/paratrooper.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/penalty.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/planegame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/railroad.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/read_colors.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/readingh.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/readingv.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/redraw.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/redraw_symmetrical.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/reversecount.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/scalesboard.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/smallnumbers.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/smallnumbers2.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/sudoku.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/superbrain.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/tangram.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/target.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/traffic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/watercycle.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/wordprocessor.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/intro/wordsgame.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/README
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/awesome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/back.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/by.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/check_answer.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/click_on_letter.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/congratulation.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/equal.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/fantastic.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/good.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/great.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/help.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/level.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/minus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/ok.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/outof.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/perfect.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/plus.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/quit.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/super.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/waytogo.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/voices/zh_CN/misc/welcome.ogg
share/gcompris/boards/warning.svg
share/gcompris/boards/watercycle/
share/gcompris/boards/watercycle.svg
share/gcompris/boards/watercycle.xml
share/gcompris/boards/watercycle/watercycle.svgz
share/gcompris/boards/wordprocessor/
share/gcompris/boards/wordprocessor.svg
share/gcompris/boards/wordprocessor.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordprocessor/tool-load.png
share/gcompris/boards/wordprocessor/tool-save.png
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame.svg
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/README
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-ar.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-bg.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-da.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-de.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-el.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-en.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-es.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-eu.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-fi.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-fr.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-hu.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-id.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-it.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-lt.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-nb.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-nl.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-nn.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-pt.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-pt_BR.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-ro.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-ru.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-sk.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-sl.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-sv.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/default-tr.xml
share/gcompris/boards/wordsgame/scenery_background.png
share/gcompris/python/
share/gcompris/python/AnimItem.py
share/gcompris/python/Color.py
share/gcompris/python/Timeline.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/
share/gcompris/python/admin/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/board_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/class_edit.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/class_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/constants.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/group_edit.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/group_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/group_user_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/log_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/module.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/module_boards.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/module_groups.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/module_profiles.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/module_reports.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/module_users.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/profile_edit.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/profile_group_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/profile_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/user_edit.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/user_list.py
share/gcompris/python/admin/wordlist.py
share/gcompris/python/administration.py
share/gcompris/python/algorithm.py
share/gcompris/python/anim.py
share/gcompris/python/ballcatch.py
share/gcompris/python/bargame.py
share/gcompris/python/chat.py
share/gcompris/python/clickanddraw.py
share/gcompris/python/connect4.py
share/gcompris/python/connect4p/
share/gcompris/python/connect4p/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/connect4p/board.py
share/gcompris/python/connect4p/human.py
share/gcompris/python/connect4p/minmax.py
share/gcompris/python/connect4p/player.py
share/gcompris/python/connect4p/rules.py
share/gcompris/python/drawnumber.py
share/gcompris/python/electric.py
share/gcompris/python/followline.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/admin/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/admin/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/anim/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/anim/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/bonus/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/bonus/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/score/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/score/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/skin/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/skin/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/sound/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/sound/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/timer/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/timer/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/utils/
share/gcompris/python/gcompris/utils/__init__.py
share/gcompris/python/gnumch.py
share/gcompris/python/guessnumber.py
share/gcompris/python/hexagon.py
share/gcompris/python/lightsoff.py
share/gcompris/python/login.py
share/gcompris/python/melody.py
share/gcompris/python/mosaic.py
share/gcompris/python/penalty.py
share/gcompris/python/pythontemplate.py
share/gcompris/python/pythontest.py
share/gcompris/python/redraw.py
share/gcompris/python/searace.py
share/gcompris/python/sudoku.py
share/gcompris/python/tuxpaint.py
share/gcompris/python/watercycle.py
share/gnome/help/gcompris/
share/gnome/help/gcompris/eu/
share/gnome/help/gcompris/eu/gcompris.html
share/gnome/help/gcompris/eu/overview.jpg
share/gnome/help/gcompris/eu/topic.dat
share/locale/af/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/am/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ast/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/br/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ga/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ml/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/mr/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/rw/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/so/
share/locale/so/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/so/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/sr@Latn/
share/locale/sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/ur/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/wa/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/zh_HK/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/gcompris.mo
share/pixmaps/gcompris-edit.png
share/pixmaps/gcompris.png
@exec %D/bin/update-desktop-database
@unexec-delete %D/bin/update-desktop-database
