@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.6 2007/05/01 15:55:55 rui Exp $
bin/nikto
@man man/man1/nikto.1
share/doc/nikto/
@comment no checksum
share/doc/nikto/CHANGES.txt
share/doc/nikto/README_plugins.txt
share/doc/nikto/nikto_usage.txt
share/examples/nikto/
share/examples/nikto/nikto.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/nikto.conf
share/nikto/
share/nikto/LW.pm
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_apacheusers.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_core.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_headers.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_httpoptions.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_msgs.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_mutate.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_outdated.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_passfiles.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_plugin_order.txt
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_put_del_test.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_realms.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_robots.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_user_enum_apache.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/nikto_user_enum_cgiwrap.plugin
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/outdated.db
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/realms.db
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/scan_database.db
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/server_msgs.db
@comment no checksum
share/nikto/servers.db
