IMPORTANT:  Read Before Using The Accompanying Software


PALM OS(r) SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT


YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE
USING THE ACCOMPANYING SOFTWARE, THE USE OF WHICH IS LICENSED BY PALM,
INC. ("PALM"), TO ITS CUSTOMERS FOR THEIR USE ONLY AS SET FORTH BELOW.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT,  DO
NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.  USING ANY PART OF THE SOFTWARE INDICATES THAT YOU
ACCEPT THESE TERMS.

LICENSE:  Palm grants you a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to use
the accompanying software program(s) (the "Software") subject to the
terms and restrictions set forth in this License Agreement.  Except as
explicitly set forth below, (i) you are not permitted to lease or rent
(except under separate mutually agreeable terms set forth in writing and
signed by both parties), distribute or sublicense the Software or to use
the Software in a time-sharing arrangement or in any other unauthorized
manner; (ii) no license is granted to you in the human readable code of
the Software (source code); and (iii) this License Agreement does not
grant you any rights to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks,
or any other rights in respect to the Software.

The Software is licensed to be used on any personal computer and/or any
Palm OS platform product, provided that the Software is used only in
connection with your development of products for use with Palm OS
platform products.  The Software contains certain sample source code in
the form of example applications (including several conduits) and code
fragments (both in the source code files and documentation provided
hereunder), and may include a tutorial application (collectively,
"Sample Source Code").  You may use the Sample Source Code internally to
develop products for Palm OS platform products.  You may distribute any
such products built with the Sample Source Code, provided that you
include the following copyright notice within your source code and in
the location of your own copyright notice: "Portions copyright (c) 2000
Palm, Inc. or its subsidiaries.  All rights reserved."

Notwithstanding anything else in this License Agreement, you may not
distribute the conduit development kit header files included as part of
the Software to anyone for any reason.

Except as described above, the Software and supporting documentation may
be copied only as essential for backup or archive purposes in support of
your use of the Software as permitted hereunder.  You must reproduce and
include all copyright notices and any other proprietary rights notices
appearing on the Software on any copies that you make.

NO ASSIGNMENT; NO REVERSE ENGINEERING:  You may transfer the Software
and this License Agreement to another party if the other party agrees in
writing to accept the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.
If you transfer the Software, you must at the same time either transfer
all copies of the Software as well as  the supporting documentation to
the same party or destroy any such materials not transferred.  Except as
set forth above, you may not transfer or assign the Software or your
rights under this License Agreement.

Modification, reverse engineering, reverse compiling, or disassembly of
the Software is expressly prohibited.  However, if you are a European
Union ("EU") resident, information necessary to achieve interoperability
of the Software with other programs within the meaning of the EU
Directive on the Legal Protection of Computer Programs is available to
you from Palm upon written request.

EXPORT RESTRICTIONS: The Software supplied hereunder is subject to all
pertinent import and export laws of the United States, including
specifically the U.S. Export Administration Regulations ("EAR") and the
laws of the country in which you obtained them.  You agree that you will
be solely responsible for compliance with all such laws.   In
particular, you agree that you will not export, re-export, or transfer,
directly or indirectly, to any person, firm or country on the Denied
Persons List, Entity List, Debarred Parties or Specially Designated
Nationals lists or to Afghanistan, Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea,
Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia only), Sudan, or  Syria or any
other country or entity designated by the U.S. Government as prohibited
by U.S. law, or nationals thereof, and that you are not located in such
a country or on such a list.  You agree that you will not transfer,
export or re-export, directly or indirectly, for use or to users in
military or proliferation activities (Nuclear, Missile, Chemical or
Biological Weapons) without U.S. Government authorization (by export
license or regulation).  You agree that, upon request, you will provide
additional end use/end user information or written acceptance of
requirements and responsibilities to comply with U.S. export license
requirements.  You agree to be bound by any future modifications of the
foregoing list of restricted destinations by amendments to the EAR or
other U.S. government regulations.  These requirements shall survive the
term or termination of the Agreement.

TRADE SECRETS; TITLE:  You acknowledge and agree that the structure,
sequence and organization of the Software are the valuable trade secrets
of Palm and its suppliers.  You agree to hold such trade secrets in
confidence.  You further acknowledge and agree that ownership of, and
title to, the Software and all subsequent copies thereof regardless of
the form or media are held by Palm and its suppliers.

UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT LEGEND:  The Software is commercial in nature
and developed solely at private expense.  The Software is delivered as
"Commercial Computer Software" as defined in DFARS 252.227-7014 (June
1995) or as a commercial item as defined in FAR 2.101(a) and as such is
provided with only such rights as are provided in this License
Agreement, which is Palm's standard commercial license for the Software.
Technical data is provided with limited rights only as provided in DFAR
252.227-7015 (Nov. 1995) or FAR 52.227-14 (June 1987), whichever is
applicable.

TERM AND TERMINATION:  This License Agreement is effective until
terminated.  You may terminate it at any time by destroying the Software
and documentation together with all copies and merged portions in any
form.  It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any
term or condition of this License Agreement.  Upon such termination you
agree to destroy the Software and documentation, together with all
copies and merged portions in any form.

GOVERNING LAW:  This License Agreement shall be governed by the laws of
the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements entered
into and to be performed entirely within California between California
residents and by the laws of the United States.  You agree that the
United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of
Goods (1980) is hereby excluded in its entirety from application to this
License Agreement.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: THE SOFTWARE AND ALL RELATED DOCUMENTATION ARE
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND ALL RISK IS WITH YOU.  BECAUSE THE
SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE, PALM
MAKES NO WARRANTIES, TERMS, OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, AS TO ANY MATTER WHATSOEVER.  IN PARTICULAR, ANY AND ALL
WARRANTIES, TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS ARE
EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED.  FURTHER, PALM MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES,
TERMS OR CONDITIONS THAT THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION PROVIDED ARE
FREE OF ERRORS OR VIRUSES OR THAT THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE
SUITABLE FOR YOUR INTENDED USE. IN ADDITION, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT IF YOU
ARE USING THE SOFTWARE WITH A LOCALIZED (I.E. NON-ENGLISH) VERSION OF
THE PALM OS SOFTWARE FOR PALM PRODUCTS, THAT PALM HAS NOT TESTED THE
INTEROPERABILITY OF THE SOFTWARE WITH SUCH LOCALIZED VERSION.  YOU
ASSUME ALL RISK OF THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE WITH SUCH LOCALIZED VERSION.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY:   TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW PALM ALSO
EXCLUDES FOR ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS ANY LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN
CONTRACT OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), FOR INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR FOR LOSS OF
REVENUE OR PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF INFORMATION OR DATA, OR
OTHER FINANCIAL LOSS ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SALE,
INSTALLATION, MAINTENANCE, USE, PERFORMANCE, FAILURE, OR INTERRUPTION OF
THIS PRODUCT, EVEN IF PALM OR ITS AUTHORIZED RESELLER HAS BEEN ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND LIMITS ITS LIABILITY TO
REPLACEMENT OF THE SOFTWARE ON NEW MEDIA, OR REFUND OF THE PURCHASE
PRICE PAID, AT THE OPTION OF PALM.  THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY FOR
DAMAGES WILL NOT BE AFFECTED IF ANY REMEDY PROVIDED HEREIN SHALL FAIL OF
ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

DISCLAIMER:   Some countries, states, or provinces do not allow the
exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or the limitation of
incidental or consequential damages for certain products supplied to
consumers or the limitation of liability for personal injury, so the
above limitations and exclusions may be limited in their application to
you.  When the implied warranties are not allowed to be excluded in
their entirety, they will be limited to the duration of the applicable
written warranty.  This warranty gives you specific legal rights which
may vary depending on local law.

TRADEMARKS:  You acknowledge that Palm is the sole owner of all
trademark rights in the marks HotSync, Graffiti, Palm, Palm OS,
PalmModem, PalmPoint, PalmConnect, Palm III, Palm V, Palm VII, and the
Palm Powered logo.  You agree to do nothing inconsistent with such
ownership.  You acknowledge that this Agreement does not grant any
rights to use any of the foregoing trademarks or any other trademark of
Palm or any of its affiliates, even if such marks are included in any of
the materials provided by Palm.

SEVERABILITY:  In the event any provision of this License Agreement is
found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions shall not in any
way be affected or impaired and a valid, legal and enforceable provision
of similar intent and economic impact shall be substituted therefor. The
headings used in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not
be considered part of the Agreement.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT:  This License Agreement sets forth the entire
understanding and agreement between you and Palm, supersedes all prior
agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the Software and
subject matter hereof, and may be amended only in a writing signed by
both parties.

Palm, Inc.
5470 Great America Parkway
Santa Clara, California 95052
(408) 326-9000
