The integrated interface, which brings together the audio, video and
shared workspace tools, has been designed to be as simple and easy to
use as possible. Particular emphasis has been given to reducing screen
clutter and to minimising the number of things that need to be done to
use the different parts of the software. There is minimal need to
manipulate, move or uncover windows, and all necessary tools and
controls are readily to hand. Although basic keyboard and mouse skills
are required, little else is needed for students and teachers to use
the software.
                                                                                                        
Currently, up to eight people can take part in a conference. As the
screen-shot shows,each participant uses a workstation with camera and
headset (headphones and microphones). Video images are displayed of
all participants (including oneself), and any image may be enlarged to
the upper window. Being able to see all members of the conference
simultaneously gives a more relaxed atmosphere than other systems,
which show only the current speaker.

The system incorporates both a shared whiteboard (wbd, by Julian
Highfield) and a shared text editor (nte, by UCL). The user can switch
between them at any point during the session. With these tools, text
and graphics can be entered, either via the keyboard and mouse or by
importing a file. Everyone can draw or write simultaneously and see
all other contributions; colour allows easy identification of the
contributions.
