$OpenBSD: README-main,v 1.1 2010/11/15 10:45:54 sthen Exp $

The tomcat package does not install the example webapps and
documentation.  You must supply your own webapps and configuration or
install the tomcat-examples package for the example webapps and
documentation.  Sample config files for the manager webapp can be found
in ${TRUEPREFIX}/share/examples/tomcat.

The tomcat-examples package includes the examples, full documentation
and localhost config file for the and manager webapp.

The packages are structured this way to facilate mantaining a server
which normally would not contain the examples and documentation webapp.

Tomcat on OpenBSD uses the `${SYSCONFDIR}/tomcat' directory for its
configuration files. `$CATALINA_BASE' is `${CATALINA_BASE}'. All files
contained within these directories should be owned by the _tomcat user.

The startup.sh script has been modified to get important environment
variables from `${SYSCONFDIR}/tomcat/tomcat.rc'. You should define
environment variables such as JAVA_HOME and JAVA_OPTS in
`${SYSCONFDIR}/tomcat/tomcat.rc'.

With the following command Tomcat is started as user `_tomcat':
$ sudo -u _tomcat ${TRUEPREFIX}/tomcat/bin/startup.sh

If you want Tomcat to serve on privileged ports (e.g. 80), then makes
sure the Connector port is 80 in your
`${SYSCONFDIR}/tomcat/server.xml', or even more secure: redirect all
tcp traffic to port 80 to Tomcat's default listener port 8080 using a
pf.conf(5) rule like:

   pass quick on $NIC proto tcp to port 80 rdr-to 127.0.0.1 port 8080

If you are upgrading and use database drivers, don't forget to copy them
into ${TRUEPREFIX}/tomcat/lib. You must also delete any work files in
`${CATALINA_BASE}/work' unless you are reinstalling the same full
version of Tomcat. When upgrading from older major versions of Tomcat,
config files in /etc/tomcat should be updated as well.
