@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.48 2007/01/22 20:24:06 todd Exp $
bin/gaim
bin/gaim-text
include/gaim/
include/gaim/account.h
include/gaim/accountopt.h
include/gaim/blist.h
include/gaim/buddyicon.h
include/gaim/cipher.h
include/gaim/circbuffer.h
include/gaim/cmds.h
include/gaim/connection.h
include/gaim/conversation.h
include/gaim/core.h
include/gaim/dbus-maybe.h
include/gaim/debug.h
include/gaim/desktopitem.h
include/gaim/dnsquery.h
include/gaim/dnssrv.h
include/gaim/eggtrayicon.h
include/gaim/eventloop.h
include/gaim/ft.h
include/gaim/gaim.h
include/gaim/gaimcombobox.h
include/gaim/gaimstock.h
include/gaim/gnt/
include/gaim/gnt/gntaccount.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntblist.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntconn.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntconv.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntdebug.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntgaim.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntnotify.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntplugin.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntprefs.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntrequest.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntstatus.h
include/gaim/gnt/gntui.h
include/gaim/gtkaccount.h
include/gaim/gtkblist.h
include/gaim/gtkcelllayout.h
include/gaim/gtkcellrendererexpander.h
include/gaim/gtkcellrendererprogress.h
include/gaim/gtkcellview.h
include/gaim/gtkcellviewmenuitem.h
include/gaim/gtkconn.h
include/gaim/gtkconv.h
include/gaim/gtkconvwin.h
include/gaim/gtkdebug.h
include/gaim/gtkdialogs.h
include/gaim/gtkdnd-hints.h
include/gaim/gtkdocklet.h
include/gaim/gtkeventloop.h
include/gaim/gtkexpander.h
include/gaim/gtkft.h
include/gaim/gtkgaim.h
include/gaim/gtkidle.h
include/gaim/gtkimhtml.h
include/gaim/gtkimhtmltoolbar.h
include/gaim/gtklog.h
include/gaim/gtkmenutray.h
include/gaim/gtknickcolors.h
include/gaim/gtknotify.h
include/gaim/gtkplugin.h
include/gaim/gtkpluginpref.h
include/gaim/gtkpounce.h
include/gaim/gtkprefs.h
include/gaim/gtkprivacy.h
include/gaim/gtkrequest.h
include/gaim/gtkroomlist.h
include/gaim/gtksavedstatuses.h
include/gaim/gtkscrollbook.h
include/gaim/gtksession.h
include/gaim/gtksound.h
include/gaim/gtksourceiter.h
include/gaim/gtkstatusbox.h
include/gaim/gtkthemes.h
include/gaim/gtkutils.h
include/gaim/gtkwhiteboard.h
include/gaim/idle.h
include/gaim/imgstore.h
include/gaim/log.h
include/gaim/mime.h
include/gaim/network.h
include/gaim/notify.h
include/gaim/ntlm.h
include/gaim/plugin.h
include/gaim/pluginpref.h
include/gaim/pounce.h
include/gaim/prefs.h
include/gaim/privacy.h
include/gaim/proxy.h
include/gaim/prpl.h
include/gaim/request.h
include/gaim/roomlist.h
include/gaim/savedstatuses.h
include/gaim/server.h
include/gaim/signals.h
include/gaim/sound.h
include/gaim/sslconn.h
include/gaim/status.h
include/gaim/stringref.h
include/gaim/stun.h
include/gaim/upnp.h
include/gaim/util.h
include/gaim/value.h
include/gaim/version.h
include/gaim/whiteboard.h
include/gaim/xmlnode.h
include/gnt/
include/gnt/gnt.h
include/gnt/gntbindable.h
include/gnt/gntbox.h
include/gnt/gntbutton.h
include/gnt/gntcheckbox.h
include/gnt/gntcolors.h
include/gnt/gntcombobox.h
include/gnt/gntentry.h
include/gnt/gntkeys.h
include/gnt/gntlabel.h
include/gnt/gntline.h
include/gnt/gntmarshal.h
include/gnt/gntmenu.h
include/gnt/gntmenuitem.h
include/gnt/gntmenuitemcheck.h
include/gnt/gntstyle.h
include/gnt/gnttextview.h
include/gnt/gnttree.h
include/gnt/gntutils.h
include/gnt/gntwidget.h
include/gnt/gntwindow.h
include/gnt/gntwm.h
lib/gaim/
@comment lib/gaim/autoaccept.la
lib/gaim/autoaccept.so
@comment lib/gaim/autoreply.la
lib/gaim/autoreply.so
@comment lib/gaim/buddynote.la
lib/gaim/buddynote.so
@comment lib/gaim/convcolors.la
lib/gaim/convcolors.so
@comment lib/gaim/extplacement.la
lib/gaim/extplacement.so
@comment lib/gaim/gaimrc.la
lib/gaim/gaimrc.so
@comment lib/gaim/gestures.la
lib/gaim/gestures.so
@comment lib/gaim/gntgf.la
lib/gaim/gntgf.so
@comment lib/gaim/gnthistory.la
lib/gaim/gnthistory.so
@comment lib/gaim/gntlastlog.la
lib/gaim/gntlastlog.so
@comment lib/gaim/history.la
lib/gaim/history.so
@comment lib/gaim/iconaway.la
lib/gaim/iconaway.so
@comment lib/gaim/idle.la
lib/gaim/idle.so
@comment lib/gaim/libaim.la
lib/gaim/libaim.so
@comment lib/gaim/libgg.la
lib/gaim/libgg.so
@comment lib/gaim/libicq.la
lib/gaim/libicq.so
@comment lib/gaim/libirc.la
lib/gaim/libirc.so
@comment lib/gaim/libjabber.la
lib/gaim/libjabber.so
@comment lib/gaim/libmsn.la
lib/gaim/libmsn.so
@comment lib/gaim/libnovell.la
lib/gaim/libnovell.so
lib/gaim/liboscar.la
@lib lib/gaim/liboscar.so.${LIBoscar_VERSION}
@comment lib/gaim/libqq.la
lib/gaim/libqq.so
@comment lib/gaim/libsametime.la
lib/gaim/libsametime.so
@comment lib/gaim/libsilcgaim.la
lib/gaim/libsilcgaim.so
@comment lib/gaim/libsimple.la
lib/gaim/libsimple.so
@comment lib/gaim/libyahoo.la
lib/gaim/libyahoo.so
@comment lib/gaim/libzephyr.la
lib/gaim/libzephyr.so
@comment lib/gaim/log_reader.la
lib/gaim/log_reader.so
@comment lib/gaim/markerline.la
lib/gaim/markerline.so
@comment lib/gaim/newline.la
lib/gaim/newline.so
@comment lib/gaim/notify.la
lib/gaim/notify.so
@comment lib/gaim/offlinemsg.la
lib/gaim/offlinemsg.so
@comment lib/gaim/psychic.la
lib/gaim/psychic.so
@comment lib/gaim/relnot.la
lib/gaim/relnot.so
@comment lib/gaim/spellchk.la
lib/gaim/spellchk.so
@comment lib/gaim/ssl-gnutls.la
lib/gaim/ssl-gnutls.so
@comment lib/gaim/ssl-nss.la
lib/gaim/ssl-nss.so
@comment lib/gaim/ssl-openssl.la
lib/gaim/ssl-openssl.so
@comment lib/gaim/ssl.la
lib/gaim/ssl.so
@comment lib/gaim/statenotify.la
lib/gaim/statenotify.so
@comment lib/gaim/ticker.la
lib/gaim/ticker.so
@comment lib/gaim/timestamp.la
lib/gaim/timestamp.so
@comment lib/gaim/timestamp_format.la
lib/gaim/timestamp_format.so
@comment lib/gaim/xmppconsole.la
lib/gaim/xmppconsole.so
lib/libgaim.la
@lib lib/libgaim.so.${LIBgaim_VERSION}
lib/libgnt.la
@lib lib/libgnt.so.${LIBgnt_VERSION}
lib/pkgconfig/gaim.pc
lib/pkgconfig/gnt.pc
@man man/man1/gaim-text.1
@man man/man1/gaim.1
share/aclocal/gaim.m4
share/applications/
share/applications/gaim.desktop
share/locale/am/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/az/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/bn/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/bs/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ca@valencia/
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/ca@valencia/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/dz/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/en_AU/
share/locale/en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/en_AU/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/en_CA/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/eo/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/gu/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ku/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/my_MM/
share/locale/my_MM/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/my_MM/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/pt/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/sr@Latn/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/te/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/xh/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/gaim.mo
share/pixmaps/
share/pixmaps/gaim/
share/pixmaps/gaim.png
share/pixmaps/gaim.svg
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_1.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_10.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_100.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_11.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_12.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_13.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_14.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_15.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_16.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_17.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_18.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_19.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_2.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_20.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_21.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_22.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_23.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_24.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_25.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_26.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_27.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_28.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_29.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_3.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_30.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_31.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_32.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_33.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_34.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_35.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_36.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_37.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_38.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_39.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_4.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_40.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_41.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_42.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_43.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_44.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_45.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_46.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_47.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_48.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_49.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_5.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_50.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_51.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_52.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_53.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_54.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_55.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_56.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_57.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_58.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_59.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_6.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_60.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_61.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_62.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_63.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_64.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_65.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_66.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_67.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_68.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_69.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_7.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_70.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_71.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_72.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_73.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_74.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_75.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_76.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_77.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_78.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_79.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_8.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_80.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_81.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_82.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_83.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_84.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_85.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_86.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_87.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_88.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_89.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_9.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_90.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_91.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_92.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_93.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_94.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_95.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_96.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_97.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_98.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buddy_icons/qq/qq_99.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/about_menu.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/accounts.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/change-bgcolor-small.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/change-fgcolor-small.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/edit.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/info.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/insert-image-small.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/insert-link-small.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/insert-smiley-small.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/pause.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/send-im.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/text_bigger.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/text_normal.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/buttons/text_smaller.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/dialogs/
share/pixmaps/gaim/dialogs/gaim_auth.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/dialogs/gaim_cool.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/dialogs/gaim_error.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/dialogs/gaim_info.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/dialogs/gaim_question.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/dialogs/gaim_warning.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/away.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/connect.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/msgpend.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/msgunread.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/offline.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/online.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/stock_connect_16.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/icons/stock_disconnect_16.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/insert-image.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/logo.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/phone.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/angel.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/bigsmile.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/burp.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/cool.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/crazy.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/crossedlips.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/cry.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/download.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/embarrassed.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/farted.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/kiss.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/luke.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/moneymouth.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/mrt.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_angel.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_angry.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_away.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_bat.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_beer.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_bowl.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_boy.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_brb.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_brheart.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_cake.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_car.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_cat.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_cellphone.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_cigarette.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_clock.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_coffee.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_coins.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_computer.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_cry.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_deadflower.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_devil.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_dog.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_dontknow.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_donttell.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_drink.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_email.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_embarrassed.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_eyeroll.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_film.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_fingerscrossed.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_flower.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_gift.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_girl.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_handcuffs.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_heart.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_highfive.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_hot.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_icon.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_idea.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_island.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_kiss.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_laugh.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_lightning.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_nerd.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_neutral.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_note.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_occ.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_online.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_ooooh.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_party.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_phone.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_photo.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_pizza.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_plane.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_plate.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_question.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_rainbow.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_run.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_runback.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sad.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sarcastic.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_secret.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sheep.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sick.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sleep.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sleepy.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_smiley.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_snail.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_soccer.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_star.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_stormy.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sun.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_sunglasses.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_teeth.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_think.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_thumbdown.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_thumbup.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_tongue.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_turtle.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_umbrella.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_weird.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_wink.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/msn_xbox.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/oneeye.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_0.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_1.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_10.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_11.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_12.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_13.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_14.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_15.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_16.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_17.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_18.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_19.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_2.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_20.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_21.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_22.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_23.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_24.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_25.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_26.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_27.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_28.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_29.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_3.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_30.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_31.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_32.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_33.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_34.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_35.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_36.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_37.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_38.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_39.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_4.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_40.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_41.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_42.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_43.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_44.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_45.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_46.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_47.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_48.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_49.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_5.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_50.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_51.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_52.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_53.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_54.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_55.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_56.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_57.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_58.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_59.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_6.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_60.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_61.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_62.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_63.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_64.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_65.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_66.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_67.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_68.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_69.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_7.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_70.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_71.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_72.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_73.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_74.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_75.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_76.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_77.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_78.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_79.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_8.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_80.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_81.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_82.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_83.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_84.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_85.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_86.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_87.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_88.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_89.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_9.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_90.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_91.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_92.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_93.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_94.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/qq_smiley_95.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/sad.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/scream.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/smile.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/theme
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/think.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/tongue.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/wink.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_alien.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_alien2.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_angel.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_angry.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_batting.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_beatup.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_bigsmile.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_blush.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_brokenheart.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_bye.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_chicken.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_clap.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_clown.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_coffee.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_cow.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_cowboy.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_cry.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_dance.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_devil.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_doh.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_drool.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_eyebrow.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_eyeroll.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_femalefighter.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_flag.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_flower.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_frustrated.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_ghost.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_giggle.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_glasses.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_huggs.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_hypnotized.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_idea.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_kiss.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_laughloud.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_liar.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_loser.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_love.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_madtongue.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_malefighter1.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_malefighter2.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_mean.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_moneyeyes.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_monkey.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_nailbiting.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_neutral.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_ooooh.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_party.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_peace.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_pig.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_pray.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_pumpkin.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_question.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_rotfl.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_sad.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_shame.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_shamrock.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_shhhh.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_sick.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_sighing.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_silent.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_silly.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_sleep.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_smiley.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_star.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_sunglas.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_sweating.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_talktohand.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_think.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_tired.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_tongue.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_waiting.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_waving.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_whistling.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_wink.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_worried.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_worship.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_yingyang.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yahoo_youkiddingme.gif
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/default/yell.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/none/
share/pixmaps/gaim/smileys/none/theme
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-away.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-connect0.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-connect1.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-connect2.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-connect3.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-invisible.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-offline.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-online.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-typing0.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-typing1.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-typing2.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status-typing3.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/activebuddy.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/admin.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/aim.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/aol.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/away.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/blocked.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/bonjour.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/dnd.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/extended_away.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/external.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/female.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/founder.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/freeforchat.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/gadu-gadu.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/game.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/halfop.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/hiptop.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/icq.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/ignored.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/invisible.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/irc.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/jabber.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/login.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/logout.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/male.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/meanwhile.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/msn.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/notauthorized.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/novell.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/occupied.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/offline.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/op.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/pending.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/qq.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/secure.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/silc.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/simple.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/unavailable.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/voice.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/wireless.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/yahoo.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/status/default/zephyr.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/tb_drag_arrow_down.xpm
share/pixmaps/gaim/tb_drag_arrow_left.xpm
share/pixmaps/gaim/tb_drag_arrow_right.xpm
share/pixmaps/gaim/tb_drag_arrow_up.xpm
share/pixmaps/gaim/typed.png
share/pixmaps/gaim/typing.png
share/sounds/
share/sounds/gaim/
share/sounds/gaim/alert.wav
share/sounds/gaim/login.wav
share/sounds/gaim/logout.wav
share/sounds/gaim/receive.wav
share/sounds/gaim/send.wav
