@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST-main,v 1.8 2010/05/05 08:43:35 edd Exp $
@pkgpath x11/vlc
%%amd64%%
%%i386%%
bin/cvlc
bin/qvlc
bin/rvlc
@bin bin/vlc
@bin bin/vlc-wrapper
include/vlc/
include/vlc/deprecated.h
include/vlc/libvlc.h
include/vlc/libvlc_events.h
include/vlc/libvlc_media.h
include/vlc/libvlc_media_discoverer.h
include/vlc/libvlc_media_library.h
include/vlc/libvlc_media_list.h
include/vlc/libvlc_media_list_player.h
include/vlc/libvlc_media_list_view.h
include/vlc/libvlc_media_player.h
include/vlc/libvlc_structures.h
include/vlc/libvlc_vlm.h
include/vlc/mediacontrol.h
include/vlc/mediacontrol_structures.h
include/vlc/plugins/
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_access.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_acl.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_aout.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_arrays.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_avcodec.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_bits.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_block.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_block_helper.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_charset.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_codec.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_common.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_config.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_config_cat.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_configuration.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_demux.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_dialog.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_epg.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_es.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_es_out.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_events.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_filter.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_gcrypt.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_httpd.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_image.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_input.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_input_item.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_main.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_md5.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_messages.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_meta.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_modules.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_mtime.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_objects.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_playlist.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_plugin.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_rand.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_services_discovery.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_sout.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_stream.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_strings.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_threads.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_url.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_variables.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_vlm.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_vout.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_window.h
include/vlc/plugins/vlc_xml.h
include/vlc/vlc.h
lib/libvlc.a
lib/libvlc.la
@lib lib/libvlc.so.${LIBvlc_VERSION}
lib/libvlccore.a
lib/libvlccore.la
@lib lib/libvlccore.so.${LIBvlccore_VERSION}
lib/pkgconfig/libvlc.pc
lib/pkgconfig/vlc-plugin.pc
lib/vlc/
lib/vlc/access/
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_bd_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_bd_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_bd_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_directory_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_directory_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_directory_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_fake_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_fake_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_fake_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_file_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_file_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_file_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_ftp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_ftp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_ftp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_http_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_http_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_http_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_mmap_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_mmap_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_mmap_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_mms_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_mms_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_mms_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_realrtsp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_realrtsp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_realrtsp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_tcp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_tcp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_tcp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libaccess_udp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_udp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libaccess_udp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libdvdnav_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libdvdnav_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libdvdnav_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libdvdread_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libdvdread_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libdvdread_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libx11_screen_plugin.a
@comment lib/vlc/access/libx11_screen_plugin.la
@comment lib/vlc/access/libx11_screen_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access/libzip_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access/libzip_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access/libzip_plugin.so
lib/vlc/access_output/
@comment lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_dummy_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_dummy_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_dummy_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_file_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_file_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_file_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_http_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_http_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_http_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_udp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_udp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/access_output/libaccess_output_udp_plugin.so
lib/vlc/audio_filter/
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/liba52tofloat32_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/liba52tofloat32_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/liba52tofloat32_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/liba52tospdif_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/liba52tospdif_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/liba52tospdif_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libaudio_format_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libaudio_format_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libaudio_format_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libbandlimited_resampler_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libbandlimited_resampler_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libbandlimited_resampler_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libconverter_fixed_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libconverter_fixed_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libconverter_fixed_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libconverter_float_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libconverter_float_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libconverter_float_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdolby_surround_decoder_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdolby_surround_decoder_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdolby_surround_decoder_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdtstofloat32_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdtstofloat32_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdtstofloat32_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdtstospdif_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdtstospdif_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libdtstospdif_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libequalizer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libequalizer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libequalizer_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libheadphone_channel_mixer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libheadphone_channel_mixer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libheadphone_channel_mixer_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/liblinear_resampler_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/liblinear_resampler_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/liblinear_resampler_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libmono_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libmono_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libmono_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libmpgatofixed32_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libmpgatofixed32_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libmpgatofixed32_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libnormvol_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libnormvol_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libnormvol_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libparam_eq_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libparam_eq_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libparam_eq_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libscaletempo_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libscaletempo_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libscaletempo_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libsimple_channel_mixer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libsimple_channel_mixer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libsimple_channel_mixer_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libspatializer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libspatializer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libspatializer_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libtrivial_channel_mixer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libtrivial_channel_mixer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libtrivial_channel_mixer_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libtrivial_resampler_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libtrivial_resampler_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libtrivial_resampler_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_filter/libugly_resampler_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libugly_resampler_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_filter/libugly_resampler_plugin.so
lib/vlc/audio_mixer/
@comment lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libfloat32_mixer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libfloat32_mixer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libfloat32_mixer_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libspdif_mixer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libspdif_mixer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libspdif_mixer_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libtrivial_mixer_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libtrivial_mixer_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_mixer/libtrivial_mixer_plugin.so
lib/vlc/audio_output/
@comment lib/vlc/audio_output/libaout_file_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_output/libaout_file_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_output/libaout_file_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/audio_output/libaout_sdl_plugin.a
lib/vlc/audio_output/libaout_sdl_plugin.la
lib/vlc/audio_output/libaout_sdl_plugin.so
lib/vlc/codec/
@comment lib/vlc/codec/liba52_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/liba52_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/liba52_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libadpcm_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libadpcm_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libadpcm_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libaes3_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libaes3_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libaes3_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libaraw_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libaraw_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libaraw_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libavcodec_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libavcodec_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libavcodec_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libcc_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libcc_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libcc_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libcdg_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libcdg_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libcdg_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libcvdsub_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libcvdsub_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libcvdsub_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libdts_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libdts_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libdts_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libdvbsub_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libdvbsub_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libdvbsub_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libfaad_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libfaad_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libfaad_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libfake_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libfake_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libfake_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libflac_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libflac_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libflac_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libinvmem_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libinvmem_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libinvmem_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/liblibmpeg2_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/liblibmpeg2_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/liblibmpeg2_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/liblpcm_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/liblpcm_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/liblpcm_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libmpeg_audio_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libmpeg_audio_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libmpeg_audio_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libpng_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libpng_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libpng_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/librawvideo_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/librawvideo_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/librawvideo_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/librealaudio_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/librealaudio_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/librealaudio_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/librealvideo_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/librealvideo_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/librealvideo_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libschroedinger_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libschroedinger_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libschroedinger_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libsdl_image_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libsdl_image_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libsdl_image_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libspeex_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libspeex_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libspeex_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libspudec_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libspudec_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libspudec_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libsubsdec_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libsubsdec_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libsubsdec_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libsubsusf_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libsubsusf_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libsubsusf_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libsvcdsub_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libsvcdsub_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libsvcdsub_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libt140_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libt140_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libt140_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libtelx_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libtelx_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libtelx_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libtheora_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libtheora_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libtheora_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libvorbis_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libvorbis_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libvorbis_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/codec/libx264_plugin.a
lib/vlc/codec/libx264_plugin.la
lib/vlc/codec/libx264_plugin.so
lib/vlc/control/
@comment lib/vlc/control/libdbus_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libdbus_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libdbus_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libgestures_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libgestures_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libgestures_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libglobalhotkeys_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libglobalhotkeys_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libglobalhotkeys_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libhotkeys_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libhotkeys_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libhotkeys_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libhttp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libhttp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libhttp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libmotion_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libmotion_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libmotion_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/librc_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/librc_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/librc_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libshowintf_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libshowintf_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libshowintf_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libsignals_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libsignals_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libsignals_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/control/libtelnet_plugin.a
lib/vlc/control/libtelnet_plugin.la
lib/vlc/control/libtelnet_plugin.so
lib/vlc/demux/
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libaiff_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libaiff_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libaiff_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libasf_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libasf_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libasf_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libau_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libau_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libau_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libavformat_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libavformat_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libavformat_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libavi_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libavi_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libavi_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libdemux_cdg_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libdemux_cdg_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libdemux_cdg_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libdemuxdump_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libdemuxdump_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libdemuxdump_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libdirac_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libdirac_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libdirac_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libes_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libes_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libes_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libflacsys_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libflacsys_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libflacsys_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libh264_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libh264_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libh264_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libm4v_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libm4v_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libm4v_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libmjpeg_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libmjpeg_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libmjpeg_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libmkv_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libmkv_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libmkv_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libmp4_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libmp4_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libmp4_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libmpc_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libmpc_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libmpc_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libmpgv_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libmpgv_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libmpgv_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libnsc_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libnsc_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libnsc_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libnsv_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libnsv_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libnsv_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libnuv_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libnuv_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libnuv_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libogg_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libogg_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libogg_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libplaylist_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libplaylist_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libplaylist_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libps_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libps_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libps_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libpva_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libpva_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libpva_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/librawaud_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/librawaud_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/librawaud_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/librawdv_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/librawdv_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/librawdv_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/librawvid_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/librawvid_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/librawvid_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libreal_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libreal_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libreal_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libsmf_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libsmf_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libsmf_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libsubtitle_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libsubtitle_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libsubtitle_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libts_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libts_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libts_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libtta_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libtta_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libtta_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libty_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libty_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libty_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libvc1_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libvc1_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libvc1_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libvobsub_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libvobsub_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libvobsub_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libvoc_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libvoc_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libvoc_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libwav_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libwav_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libwav_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/demux/libxa_plugin.a
lib/vlc/demux/libxa_plugin.la
lib/vlc/demux/libxa_plugin.so
lib/vlc/gui/
@comment lib/vlc/gui/libqt4_plugin.a
lib/vlc/gui/libqt4_plugin.la
lib/vlc/gui/libqt4_plugin.so
lib/vlc/meta_engine/
@comment lib/vlc/meta_engine/libfolder_plugin.a
lib/vlc/meta_engine/libfolder_plugin.la
lib/vlc/meta_engine/libfolder_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/meta_engine/libtaglib_plugin.a
lib/vlc/meta_engine/libtaglib_plugin.la
lib/vlc/meta_engine/libtaglib_plugin.so
lib/vlc/misc/
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libaudioscrobbler_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libaudioscrobbler_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libaudioscrobbler_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libdummy_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libdummy_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libdummy_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libexport_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libexport_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libexport_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libfreetype_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libfreetype_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libfreetype_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libinhibit_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libinhibit_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libinhibit_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/liblogger_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/liblogger_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/liblogger_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libmemcpy_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libmemcpy_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libmemcpy_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libosd_parser_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libosd_parser_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libosd_parser_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libscreensaver_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libscreensaver_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libscreensaver_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libstats_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libstats_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libstats_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libtelepathy_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libtelepathy_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libtelepathy_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libvod_rtsp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libvod_rtsp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libvod_rtsp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libxml_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libxml_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libxml_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/misc/libxtag_plugin.a
lib/vlc/misc/libxtag_plugin.la
lib/vlc/misc/libxtag_plugin.so
lib/vlc/mux/
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_asf_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_asf_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_asf_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_avi_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_avi_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_avi_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_dummy_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_dummy_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_dummy_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_mp4_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_mp4_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_mp4_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_mpjpeg_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_mpjpeg_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_mpjpeg_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ogg_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ogg_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ogg_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ps_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ps_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ps_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ts_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ts_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_ts_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/mux/libmux_wav_plugin.a
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_wav_plugin.la
lib/vlc/mux/libmux_wav_plugin.so
lib/vlc/packetizer/
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_copy_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_copy_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_copy_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_dirac_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_dirac_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_dirac_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_h264_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_h264_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_h264_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mlp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mlp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mlp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpeg4audio_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpeg4audio_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpeg4audio_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpeg4video_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpeg4video_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpeg4video_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpegvideo_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpegvideo_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_mpegvideo_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_vc1_plugin.a
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_vc1_plugin.la
lib/vlc/packetizer/libpacketizer_vc1_plugin.so
lib/vlc/services_discovery/
@comment lib/vlc/services_discovery/libpodcast_plugin.a
lib/vlc/services_discovery/libpodcast_plugin.la
lib/vlc/services_discovery/libpodcast_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/services_discovery/libsap_plugin.a
lib/vlc/services_discovery/libsap_plugin.la
lib/vlc/services_discovery/libsap_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/services_discovery/libshout_plugin.a
lib/vlc/services_discovery/libshout_plugin.la
lib/vlc/services_discovery/libshout_plugin.so
lib/vlc/stream_filter/
@comment lib/vlc/stream_filter/libdecomp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_filter/libdecomp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_filter/libdecomp_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_filter/libstream_filter_rar_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_filter/libstream_filter_rar_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_filter/libstream_filter_rar_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_filter/libstream_filter_record_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_filter/libstream_filter_record_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_filter/libstream_filter_record_plugin.so
lib/vlc/stream_out/
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_autodel_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_autodel_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_autodel_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_bridge_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_bridge_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_bridge_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_description_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_description_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_description_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_display_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_display_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_display_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_dummy_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_dummy_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_dummy_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_duplicate_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_duplicate_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_duplicate_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_es_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_es_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_es_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_gather_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_gather_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_gather_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_mosaic_bridge_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_mosaic_bridge_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_mosaic_bridge_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_record_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_record_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_record_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_standard_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_standard_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_standard_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_transcode_plugin.a
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_transcode_plugin.la
lib/vlc/stream_out/libstream_out_transcode_plugin.so
lib/vlc/video_chroma/
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libgrey_yuv_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libgrey_yuv_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libgrey_yuv_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_rgb_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_rgb_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_rgb_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_ymga_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_ymga_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_ymga_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_yuy2_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_yuy2_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi420_yuy2_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi422_i420_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi422_i420_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi422_i420_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi422_yuy2_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi422_yuy2_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libi422_yuy2_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libyuy2_i420_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libyuy2_i420_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libyuy2_i420_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_chroma/libyuy2_i422_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libyuy2_i422_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_chroma/libyuy2_i422_plugin.so
lib/vlc/video_filter/
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libadjust_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libadjust_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libadjust_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libalphamask_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libalphamask_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libalphamask_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libblend_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libblend_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libblend_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libblendbench_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libblendbench_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libblendbench_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libbluescreen_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libbluescreen_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libbluescreen_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libcanvas_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcanvas_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcanvas_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libchain_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libchain_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libchain_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libclone_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libclone_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libclone_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libcolorthres_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcolorthres_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcolorthres_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libcrop_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcrop_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcrop_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libcroppadd_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcroppadd_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libcroppadd_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libdeinterlace_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libdeinterlace_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libdeinterlace_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libdynamicoverlay_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libdynamicoverlay_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libdynamicoverlay_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/liberase_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/liberase_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/liberase_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libextract_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libextract_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libextract_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libgaussianblur_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libgaussianblur_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libgaussianblur_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libgradient_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libgradient_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libgradient_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libgrain_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libgrain_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libgrain_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libinvert_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libinvert_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libinvert_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/liblogo_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/liblogo_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/liblogo_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libmagnify_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmagnify_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmagnify_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libmarq_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmarq_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmarq_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libmosaic_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmosaic_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmosaic_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libmotionblur_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmotionblur_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmotionblur_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libmotiondetect_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmotiondetect_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libmotiondetect_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libnoise_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libnoise_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libnoise_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libosdmenu_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libosdmenu_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libosdmenu_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libpanoramix_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpanoramix_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpanoramix_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libpostproc_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpostproc_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpostproc_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libpsychedelic_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpsychedelic_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpsychedelic_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libpuzzle_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpuzzle_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libpuzzle_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libripple_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libripple_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libripple_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/librotate_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/librotate_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/librotate_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/librss_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/librss_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/librss_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/librv32_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/librv32_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/librv32_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libscale_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libscale_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libscale_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libscene_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libscene_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libscene_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libsharpen_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libsharpen_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libsharpen_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libswscale_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libswscale_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libswscale_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libtransform_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libtransform_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libtransform_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libwall_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libwall_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libwall_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libwave_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libwave_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libwave_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_filter/libyuvp_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_filter/libyuvp_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_filter/libyuvp_plugin.so
lib/vlc/video_output/
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libdrawable_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_output/libdrawable_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_output/libdrawable_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libglx_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_output/libglx_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_output/libglx_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libopengl_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_output/libopengl_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_output/libopengl_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libvmem_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_output/libvmem_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_output/libvmem_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libvout_sdl_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_output/libvout_sdl_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_output/libvout_sdl_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libx11_plugin.a
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libx11_plugin.la
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libx11_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libxvideo_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_output/libxvideo_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_output/libxvideo_plugin.so
@comment lib/vlc/video_output/libyuv_plugin.a
lib/vlc/video_output/libyuv_plugin.la
lib/vlc/video_output/libyuv_plugin.so
lib/vlc/visualization/
@comment lib/vlc/visualization/libvisual_plugin.a
lib/vlc/visualization/libvisual_plugin.la
lib/vlc/visualization/libvisual_plugin.so
@man man/man1/vlc-config.1
@man man/man1/vlc-wrapper.1
@man man/man1/vlc.1
share/applications/vlc.desktop
share/doc/vlc/
share/doc/vlc/bugreport-howto.txt
share/doc/vlc/fortunes.txt
share/doc/vlc/intf-cdda.txt
share/doc/vlc/intf-vcd.txt
share/icons/
share/icons/hicolor/
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/128x128/apps/vlc.png
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/16x16/apps/vlc.png
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/vlc.png
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/
share/icons/hicolor/48x48/apps/vlc.png
share/locale/af/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ar/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/bg/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/bn/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ca/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ckb/
share/locale/ckb/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/ckb/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/co/
share/locale/co/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/co/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/cs/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/da/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/de/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/el/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/en_GB/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/es/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/et/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/eu/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/fa/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/fi/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/fur/
share/locale/fur/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/fur/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/gl/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/he/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/hi/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/hr/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/hu/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/id/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/it/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ka/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/kk/
share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/kk/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/km/
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/km/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ko/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/lt/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/lv/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/mk/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ml/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/mn/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ms/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/my/
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/my/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/nb/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ne/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/nl/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/nn/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/oc/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/pa/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/pl/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ps/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/pt_PT/
share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/pt_PT/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ro/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/sk/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/sl/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/sq/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/sr/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/sv/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/ta/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/tet/
share/locale/tet/LC_MESSAGES/
share/locale/tet/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/th/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/tl/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/tr/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/uk/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/vi/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/wa/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/zh_CN/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/locale/zh_TW/LC_MESSAGES/vlc.mo
share/vlc/
share/vlc/http/
share/vlc/http/.hosts
share/vlc/http/dialogs/
share/vlc/http/dialogs/.hosts
share/vlc/http/dialogs/browse
share/vlc/http/dialogs/footer
share/vlc/http/dialogs/input
share/vlc/http/dialogs/main
share/vlc/http/dialogs/mosaic
share/vlc/http/dialogs/playlist
share/vlc/http/dialogs/sout
share/vlc/http/dialogs/vlm
share/vlc/http/favicon.ico
share/vlc/http/flash.html
share/vlc/http/iehacks.css
share/vlc/http/images/
share/vlc/http/images/delete.png
share/vlc/http/images/delete_small.png
share/vlc/http/images/eject.png
share/vlc/http/images/empty.png
share/vlc/http/images/fullscreen.png
share/vlc/http/images/help.png
share/vlc/http/images/info.png
share/vlc/http/images/loop.png
share/vlc/http/images/minus.png
share/vlc/http/images/next.png
share/vlc/http/images/pause.png
share/vlc/http/images/play.png
share/vlc/http/images/playlist.png
share/vlc/http/images/playlist_small.png
share/vlc/http/images/plus.png
share/vlc/http/images/prev.png
share/vlc/http/images/refresh.png
share/vlc/http/images/repeat.png
share/vlc/http/images/sd.png
share/vlc/http/images/shuffle.png
share/vlc/http/images/slider_bar.png
share/vlc/http/images/slider_left.png
share/vlc/http/images/slider_point.png
share/vlc/http/images/slider_right.png
share/vlc/http/images/slow.png
share/vlc/http/images/snapshot.png
share/vlc/http/images/sort.png
share/vlc/http/images/sout.png
share/vlc/http/images/speaker.png
share/vlc/http/images/speaker_mute.png
share/vlc/http/images/stop.png
share/vlc/http/images/vlc16x16.png
share/vlc/http/images/volume_down.png
share/vlc/http/images/volume_up.png
share/vlc/http/images/white.png
share/vlc/http/images/white_cross_small.png
share/vlc/http/index.html
share/vlc/http/js/
share/vlc/http/js/functions.js
share/vlc/http/js/mosaic.js
share/vlc/http/js/vlm.js
share/vlc/http/mosaic.html
share/vlc/http/requests/
share/vlc/http/requests/browse.xml
share/vlc/http/requests/playlist.xml
share/vlc/http/requests/readme
share/vlc/http/requests/status.xml
share/vlc/http/requests/vlm.xml
share/vlc/http/requests/vlm_cmd.xml
share/vlc/http/style.css
share/vlc/http/vlm.html
share/vlc/http/vlm_export.html
share/vlc/osdmenu/
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/
share/vlc/osdmenu/default.cfg
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/bw.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/esc.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/fw.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/next.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/play_pause.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/previous.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/stop.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selected/volume.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/bw.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/esc.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/fw.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/next.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/play_pause.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/previous.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/stop.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/selection/volume.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/unselected.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_00.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_01.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_02.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_03.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_04.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_05.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_06.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_07.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_08.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_09.png
share/vlc/osdmenu/default/volume/volume_10.png
share/vlc/utils/
share/vlc/utils/audio-vlc-default.sh
share/vlc/utils/gnome-vlc-default.sh
share/vlc/utils/video-vlc-default.sh
share/vlc/vlc.ico
share/vlc/vlc128x128-christmas.png
share/vlc/vlc128x128.png
share/vlc/vlc16x16.png
share/vlc/vlc16x16.xpm
share/vlc/vlc32x32-christmas.xpm
share/vlc/vlc32x32.png
share/vlc/vlc32x32.xpm
share/vlc/vlc48x48-christmas.png
share/vlc/vlc48x48.png
@exec %D/bin/update-desktop-database
@unexec-delete %D/bin/update-desktop-database
@exec %D/bin/gtk-update-icon-cache -q -f -t %D/share/icons/hicolor 2> /dev/null || true
@unexec-delete %D/bin/gtk-update-icon-cache -q -f -t %D/share/icons/hicolor 2> /dev/null || true
