@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.3 2010/06/11 12:41:13 sthen Exp $
@conflict dansguardian-*-clamav
@pkgpath www/dansguardian,clamav
@newgroup _dansguardian:588
@newuser _dansguardian:588:588:daemon:DansGuardian:/nonexistent:/sbin/nologin
@man man/man8/dansguardian.8
@bin sbin/dansguardian
share/dansguardian/
share/dansguardian/dansguardian.pl
share/dansguardian/languages/
share/dansguardian/languages/arspanish/
share/dansguardian/languages/arspanish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/arspanish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/arspanish/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/bulgarian/
share/dansguardian/languages/bulgarian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/bulgarian/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/bulgarian/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesebig5/
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesebig5/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesebig5/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesebig5/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesegb2312/
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesegb2312/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesegb2312/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/chinesegb2312/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/czech/
share/dansguardian/languages/czech/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/czech/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/czech/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/danish/
share/dansguardian/languages/danish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/danish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/danish/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/dutch/
share/dansguardian/languages/dutch/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/dutch/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/dutch/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/french/
share/dansguardian/languages/french/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/french/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/french/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/german/
share/dansguardian/languages/german/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/german/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/german/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/hebrew/
share/dansguardian/languages/hebrew/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/hebrew/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/hebrew/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/hungarian/
share/dansguardian/languages/hungarian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/hungarian/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/hungarian/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/indonesian/
share/dansguardian/languages/indonesian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/indonesian/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/indonesian/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/italian/
share/dansguardian/languages/italian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/italian/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/italian/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/japanese/
share/dansguardian/languages/japanese/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/japanese/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/japanese/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/lithuanian/
share/dansguardian/languages/lithuanian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/lithuanian/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/lithuanian/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/malay/
share/dansguardian/languages/malay/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/malay/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/malay/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/mxspanish/
share/dansguardian/languages/mxspanish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/mxspanish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/mxspanish/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/polish/
share/dansguardian/languages/polish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/polish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/polish/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/portuguese/
share/dansguardian/languages/portuguese/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/portuguese/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/portuguese/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/ptbrazilian/
share/dansguardian/languages/ptbrazilian/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/ptbrazilian/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/ptbrazilian/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-1251/
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-1251/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-1251/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-1251/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/russian-koi8-r/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/slovak/
share/dansguardian/languages/slovak/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/slovak/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/slovak/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/spanish/
share/dansguardian/languages/spanish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/spanish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/spanish/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/swedish/
share/dansguardian/languages/swedish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/swedish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/swedish/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/turkish/
share/dansguardian/languages/turkish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/turkish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/turkish/template.html
share/dansguardian/languages/ukenglish/
share/dansguardian/languages/ukenglish/fancydmtemplate.html
share/dansguardian/languages/ukenglish/messages
share/dansguardian/languages/ukenglish/template.html
share/dansguardian/scripts/
share/dansguardian/scripts/bsd-init
share/dansguardian/scripts/dansguardian
share/dansguardian/scripts/logrotation
share/dansguardian/scripts/solaris-init
share/dansguardian/scripts/systemv-init
share/dansguardian/transparent1x1.gif
share/doc/dansguardian/
share/doc/dansguardian/AuthPlugins
share/doc/dansguardian/ContentScanners
share/doc/dansguardian/DownloadManagers
share/doc/dansguardian/FAQ
share/doc/dansguardian/FAQ.html
share/doc/dansguardian/Plugins
share/examples/dansguardian/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/
share/examples/dansguardian/authplugins/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/authplugins/
share/examples/dansguardian/authplugins/ident.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/authplugins/ident.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/authplugins/ip.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/authplugins/ip.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/authplugins/proxy-basic.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/authplugins/proxy-basic.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/authplugins/proxy-digest.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/authplugins/proxy-digest.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/contentscanners/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/contentscanners/
share/examples/dansguardian/contentscanners/clamdscan.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/contentscanners/clamdscan.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/dansguardian.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/dansguardian.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/dansguardianf1.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/dansguardianf1.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/downloadmanagers/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/downloadmanagers/
share/examples/dansguardian/downloadmanagers/default.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/downloadmanagers/default.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/downloadmanagers/fancy.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/downloadmanagers/fancy.conf
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/authplugins/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/authplugins/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/authplugins/ipgroups
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/authplugins/ipgroups
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannedextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannedextensionlist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannediplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannediplist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannedmimetypelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannedmimetypelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannedphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannedphraselist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannedregexpheaderlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannedregexpheaderlist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannedregexpurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannedregexpurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannedsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannedsitelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/bannedurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/bannedurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/ads/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/ads/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/ads/domains
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/ads/domains
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/ads/urls
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/blacklists/ads/urls
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/contentregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/contentregexplist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusextensionlist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusmimetypelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusmimetypelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirussitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirussitelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/contentscanners/exceptionvirusurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/downloadmanagers/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/downloadmanagers/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/downloadmanagers/managedextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/downloadmanagers/managedextensionlist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/downloadmanagers/managedmimetypelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/downloadmanagers/managedmimetypelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionextensionlist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionextensionlist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionfilesitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionfilesitelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionfileurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionfileurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptioniplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptioniplist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionmimetypelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionmimetypelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionphraselist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionregexpurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionregexpurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionsitelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/exceptionurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/exceptionurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/filtergroupslist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/filtergroupslist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/greysitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/greysitelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/greyurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/greyurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/headerregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/headerregexplist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/logregexpurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/logregexpurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/logsitelist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/logsitelist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/logurllist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/logurllist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_dutch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_dutch
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_french
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_french
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_german
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_german
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_spanish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/badwords/weighted_spanish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/chat/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/chat/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted_italian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/chat/weighted_italian
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/conspiracy/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/domainsforsale/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/drugadvocacy/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/forums/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/forums/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/forums/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/forums/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/banned_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gambling/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/games/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/games/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/games/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/games/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception_email
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/exception_email
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_danish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_danish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_dutch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_dutch
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_malay
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_malay
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_polish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_polish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_swedish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_general_swedish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_news
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/goodphrases/weighted_news
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/googlesearches/banned
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gore/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gore/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/gore/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/idtheft/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/banned
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/illegaldrugs/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/banned_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/banned_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/intolerance/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/legaldrugs/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/malware/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/malware/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/malware/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/malware/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/music/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/music/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/music/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/music/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/news/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/news/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/news/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/news/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/nudism/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/peer2peer/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/personals/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/personals/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/personals/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/banned_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_chinese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_chinese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_danish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_danish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_dutch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_dutch
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_french
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_french
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_german
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_german
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_italian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_italian
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_japanese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_japanese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_malay
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_malay
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_norwegian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_norwegian
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_polish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_polish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_russian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_russian
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_spanish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_spanish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_swedish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/pornography/weighted_swedish
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/proxies/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/rta/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/rta/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/rta/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/rta/banned
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/banned
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/safelabel/banned
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/secretsocieties/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/sport/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/sport/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/sport/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/sport/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/translation/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/translation/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/translation/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/translation/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/travel/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/travel/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/travel/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/travel/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/upstreamfilter/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/violence/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/violence/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/violence/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/warezhacking/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted_portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/weapons/weighted_portuguese
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/weighted
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/phraselists/webmail/weighted
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/pics
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/pics
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/urlregexplist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/urlregexplist
share/examples/dansguardian/lists/weightedphraselist
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/dansguardian/lists/weightedphraselist
@mode 0755
@owner _dansguardian
@group _dansguardian
@sample /var/log/dansguardian/
