@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.5 2011/08/19 07:58:00 jasper Exp $
@bin bin/Fritzing
bin/fritzing
share/applications/fritzing.desktop
share/fritzing/
share/fritzing/bins/
share/fritzing/bins/more/
share/fritzing/bins/more/picaxe.fzb
share/fritzing/bins/more/sparkfun.fzb
share/fritzing/parts/
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/Dial Potentiometer with switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/HCMS-29xx.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/Peppermill Power Board.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/Pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/Round Pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/SN74LS14N Schmitt Trigger.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/TPA2000D1 Audio Amplifier dip double.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/TPA2000D1 Audio Amplifier dip.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/contrib/TPA2000D1 Audio Amplifier smd.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/
share/fritzing/parts/core/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC020.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC040.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC080.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/11LC160.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/16-segment_display.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC01.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC02.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC04.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC08.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC1025.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC128.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC256.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC512.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/24LC64.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC020.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC040.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC080.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC1024.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC128.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC160.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC256.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC320.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC512.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/25LC640.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/4 x AAA Battery Mount.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/555timer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/5DOF-v25.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/7-segment_display.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/74HC595.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/AD5206 Digital Potentiometer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Antenna.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Ethernet Shield.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Fio.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino LilyPad.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Mini Pro.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Nano.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino Voice Shield-v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Ardumoto v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2e.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/BMP085 Breakout-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Barometric Pressure Sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Basic Force Sensing Resistor (FSR).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Battery block 9V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Buzzer-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Color-LCD-Shield-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DS1302.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DS1307.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/EasyDriver_v44.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FRM010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FRM050.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/FTDI Basic-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/GLCD 128x64.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/GPSShield-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/HMC6352-v18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Half_breadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/IR_Receiver_v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ISD1932 Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ITG-3200-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Joystick-Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Joystick_Shield-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/L293D.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LDR_photocell_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LED-generic-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LSM303 breakout board-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Level-Converter-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad SimplePower-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Button-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Simple-v22.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-Temp-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-XBee-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad-slide-switch13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/LilyPad_LED-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MIDI Music Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MIDI_Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/MP3 Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Mainboard-v18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Mega_Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Modkit Shield-v1a.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Netduino.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/NetduinoMini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/NetduinoPlus.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/OBD-II-UART-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Op Amp Breakout-v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_08.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_08M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_14M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_18X.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_20M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_20X2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_28X2_3V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PICAXE_40X2_3V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Power plug.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PowerDriver-Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ProtoShield-Mini-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ProtoShield-v25.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RFID_USB_Reader-v14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/RGB_matrix_v25.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_24LC01.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_74HC595.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_AD5206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_BC847.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_BC857.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_DS1302.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Diode_REC_DO.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Diode_STK_DO.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Diode_ZEN_3-6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LED_generic_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LED_generic_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LED_generic_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LQFP-32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_LQFP-48.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_N-FET.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_N-FET_DPak.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_NE555.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_P-FET.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_P-FET_DPak.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-20-0.4MM.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-28.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-32.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-36.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_QFN-64.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO-24W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO-28W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO08.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO18W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SO20W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SOIC-14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SOIC18-W.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP24.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP28DB.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_SSOP48.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_TQFP32-5MM.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_ULN2003A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_Vreg_7805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_atmega168.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_crystal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_0405.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_0605.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_0807.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_elko_1010.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_inductor_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_inductor_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_inductor_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_lm358_SO.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_multilayer-capacitor_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_multilayer-capacitor_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_multilayer-capacitor_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_resistor_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_resistor_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_resistor_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_A_3216.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_B_3528.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_C_6032.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SMD_tantalum_capacitor_D_7343.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS14N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS20N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS21N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/SN74LS32N.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Si470x-Eval-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/TMP102_Breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Teensy 2.0 ++.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Teensy 2.0.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Tilt switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Touch_Shield-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Trackballer-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/Tricolor-LED v16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ULN2003A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ULN2803A.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/USB connector.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/USBHostShield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/WiFly_Shield-v17.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/XBee-Regulated-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/accelerometer-adxl.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/ad5330 breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/arduino_mega.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/atmega168.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/audiojack_breakout-v11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic-relay.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic-toggle-switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_fet_n.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_fet_p.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_fsr.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_power_transistor_npn.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/basic_power_transistor_pnp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/battery-AA.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/breadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/breadboard2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/canbus_shield-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_ceramic_100mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_ceramic_200mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_electrolytic_large.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_electrolytic_medium.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_electrolytic_small.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_tantalum_100mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/capacitor_tantalum_200mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/cellular shield-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_mbed.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_pico.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_propeller_D40.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_wiring.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/controller_wiring_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/crystal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/dc_motor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/din-5_midi_connector.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/diode_1N4001_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/diode_schottky_1N5817_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/diode_zener_0_5w_3_6v_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/generic_female_pin_header_2_100mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/generic_ic_dip_8_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/generic_sip_2_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/gogoboard 4.0.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/h-bridge.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/halfBreadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/inductor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/infrared_proximity_sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lcd-screen.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-anode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-anode_rbg.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-cathode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-4pin-cathode_rbg.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/led-rgb-6pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lm34.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lm35.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/lm358.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/loudspeaker.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/microSD_Shield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/microphone.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/mp3-trigger-v22.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/mystery_part_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/mystery_part_4_dip_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/optocoupler.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pcb-arduino-shield.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pcb-arduino-shield_two_layer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/peltier element.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/piezo sensor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot-slider.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot-small.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot_big.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot_trimmer_12mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pot_trimmer_6mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/proto_shield_v6MEGA.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pushbutton_2_horizontal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/pushbutton_4_horizontal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/quadstep-v12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/reedSwitch_500mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/resistor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/resonator-2pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/resonator-3pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/rfid-reader.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_100mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_200mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_3.5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screw_terminal_2_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/screwshield-v15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/servo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/solenoid.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/stepper_motor_bipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/stepper_motor_unipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/stereo-jack-3_5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/thermistor_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/tinyBreadboard.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/tmp36.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_NPN_TO92.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/transistor_signal_PNP_TO92.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/uM_FPUv2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/uM_FPUv3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/usbadapter_wiring.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/voltage_regulator_7805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/voltage_regulator_7833.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/voltage_regulator_lm317.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/xbee.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/core/xbeeshield-v13.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/AD5206 Digital Potentiometer.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Battery block 9V.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Generic female header - metal rounded.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Generic female header.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Generic male header.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-blue-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-green-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-red-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-white-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm (3).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/LED-yellow-5mm_t1.75.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_AD5206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_blue_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_blue_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_blue_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_green_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_green_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_green_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_red_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_red_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_red_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_white_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_white_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_white_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_yellow_0603.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_yellow_0805.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/SMD_LED_yellow_1206.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Screw terminal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/Screw terminal_3_5mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/artreeno.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic-diode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_ldr.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_poti.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_pushbutton.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_pushbutton_2lead_horizon.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_servo.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_thermistor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_transistor_npn.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/basic_transistor_pnp.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/battery-AA.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/big_pot.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_0_1nF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_1nF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_47nF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_0_01uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_1pF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_220pF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_ceramic_disk_22pF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_100uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_10uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/capacitor_tantalum_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/ceramic_capacitor_0_01uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/ceramic_capacitor_22pf.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/ceramic_capacitor_basic_0_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/controller_arduino_diecimila.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/crystal (2).fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/crystal.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/dc_motor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/diode_1N4001_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/diode_zener_0_5w_3_6v_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/diode_zener_1w_4_7v_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_100uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_10uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_1uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_22uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_4700uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_470uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_47uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/electrolytic_capacitor_basic_10uF.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header-rounded_9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-female-header_9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/generic-male-header_9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/inductor.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/led-rgb-4pin-anode.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/led-rgb-6pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part1.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part11.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part12.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part14.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part16.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part18.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part2.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part20.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part3.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part4.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part5.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part6.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part7.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part8.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/mystery_part9.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-100x160.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-150x200.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-200x300.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-250x250.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-60x100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pcb-plain-75x100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pot-slider.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pot-small.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/pot_trimmer_6mm.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/reed switch.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_100k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_10k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_150k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_15k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1M.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1M_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1_5k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1_5k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_1k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_220k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_22k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_27k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_27k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_2_2k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_2_2k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_330k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_33k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_3_3k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_3_3k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_470k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_47k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_4_7k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_4_7k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_680k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_68k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_6_8k.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resistor_6_8k_mini.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resonator-2pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/resonator-3pin.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/stepper_motor_bipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/stepper_motor_unipolar.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/thermistor_300mil.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/obsolete/trimpot_meggitt_pih.fzp
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x01.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x02.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x03.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x05.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x06-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x06.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x07.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x09.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/1x18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/2X08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/atx24_right_angle.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/audio-jack-3.5mm-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/audio-jack.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ayz0202.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battcon_20mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/battery-aaa.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/db9_male.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/duemilanove_shield.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/ftdi_basic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/joystick.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/jst-2-pth.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/jst-2-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lcd-16x2_nosilk.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/lpen-7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/mic-9.7mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/micro-sd-socket-pp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/nokiq6100_lcd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/power_jack_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/rn41.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/screwterminal-3.5mm-8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/simholder3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sm5100b.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/stereojack2.5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/sup500f.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile-pth-12mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile-pth.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/tactile_switch_smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-a-s-silk-female.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/usb-minib.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/wifly-gsx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/subparts/breadboard/xbee-smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/Peppermill_Power_Board__a40e6dc7c979bcff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/Pushbuttonc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/Round_Pushbuttonba.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/SN74HC14N_Schmitt_Trigger_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/TPA2000D1_Audio_Amplifier.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/breadboard/potentiometer_w_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/Dial_Potentiometer_with_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/Peppermill_Power_Board__d66eefd2b869d709.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/Pushbuttonc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/Round_Pushbuttonba.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/SN74LS14N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/icon/TPA2000D1_Audio_Amplifier.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0.125W_Carbon_Resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0.1_inch_10pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0.1_inch_2pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/01005.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0201.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0805_reflow_solder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/0805_wave_solder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/1008.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/1206_reflow_solder.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/16x1_SMD_jack.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/1806.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/1825.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/1W_Carbon_Resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/2706.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/2mm_8pin_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/3terminal_screw_block.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/72pin45degreeSIMMconnector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY1000P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY300P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY400P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY500P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY600P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ACY800P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ADC12138CIMSA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ALF1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ALF300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ALF400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ALF500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ALF600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ALF800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1229.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1230.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1231.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AMPHENOL_ARFX1232.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/AXIAL_LAY 800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/BNC_LAY.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/BNX00__Murata.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/BOURNS_3224G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/BOURNS_3224J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/BOURNS_3224W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/BOURNS_3224X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CANDK_ES01MSABE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CANDK_ES02MSABE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CANDK_ES03MSABE.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC0402L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC0402M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC0402N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC0603L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC0603M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC0603N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC1005L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC1005M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC1005N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC1608L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC1608M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC1608N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC2012L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC2012M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC2012N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC3216L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC3216M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC3216N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC3225L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC3225M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC3225N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC4532L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC4532M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC4532N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC4564L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC4564M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPC4564N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-2000D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-2200D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-2500D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-3000D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-1000P-3500D__Panasonic_UP-Series-TS-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-200P-500D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-330D-500L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-330D-550L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-350D-550L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-370D-650L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-400D-700L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-450D-700L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-470D-800L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-520D-850L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-550D-950L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-600D-1100L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-250P-630D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-550D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-600D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-650D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-700D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-254P-800D__AVX_TAP-Series-S-Form-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-318P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T355-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-350P-800D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-500P-1000D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-500P-1250D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-500P-750D-1250L__Panasonic_EF-Series-F-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1000D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1000D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1020D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-1020D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-550D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-550D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-600D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-600D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-650D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-650D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-700D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-700D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-800D__AVX_TAP-Series-B-Form-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-800D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-840D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-840D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-850D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T350-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T353-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-900D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-900D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-508P-900D__AVX_TAP-Series-C-Form-N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-1020D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-450D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-500D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-550D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-E.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-600D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-630D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-G.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-760D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-H.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-840D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-K.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-635P-890D__Kemet_Ultradip-II-T354-L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-750P-1600D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPPR-750P-1800D__Panasonic_M-Series-A-Type.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-1016P-508W-1270L-1422H__Kemet_C350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-254P-254W-381L-533H__Kemet_C315.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-254P-318W-508L-660H__Kemet_C320.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-508P-254W-381L-584H__Kemet_C317.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-508P-318W-508L-660H__Kemet_C322.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-508P-318W-508L-813H__Kemet_C323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-508P-381W-1016L-1168H__Kemet_C340.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-508P-381W-762L-914H__Kemet_C330.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CAPR-508P-381W-762L-991H__Kemet_C333.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CK05_type_Capacitor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CK06_type_capacitor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 1 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 10 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 2 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 25 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 3 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 4 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 4 3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 5 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 5 3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 6 3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 7 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONNECTOR 8 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONN_JTAG.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CONN_USB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-10C-2R-20N__Sullins_xPxC202LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-11C-2R-22N__Sullins_xPxC222LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-12C-2R-24N__Sullins_xPxC242LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-13C-2R-26N__Sullins_xPxC262LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-14C-2R-28N__Sullins_xPxC282LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-15C-2R-30N__Sullins_xPxC302LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-16C-2R-32N__Sullins_xPxC322LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-17C-2R-34N__Sullins_xPxC342LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-18C-2R-36N__Sullins_xPxC362LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-19C-2R-38N__Sullins_xPxC382LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-20C-2R-40N__Sullins_xPxC402LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-21C-2R-42N__Sullins_xPxC422LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-22C-2R-44N__Sullins_xPxC442LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-23C-2R-46N__Sullins_xPxC462LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-24C-2R-48N__Sullins_xPxC482LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-25C-2R-50N__Sullins_xPxC502LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-26C-2R-52N__Sullins_xPxC522LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-27C-2R-54N__Sullins_xPxC542LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-28C-2R-56N__Sullins_xPxC562LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-29C-2R-58N__Sullins_xPxC582LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-2C-2R-4N__Sullins_xPxC042LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-30C-2R-60N__Sullins_xPxC602LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-3C-2R-6N__Sullins_xPxC062LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-4C-2R-8N__Sullins_xPxC082LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-5C-2R-10N__Sullins_xPxC102LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-6C-2R-12N__Sullins_xPxC122LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-7C-2R-14N__Sullins_xPxC142LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-8C-2R-16N__Sullins_xPxC162LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR-254P-9C-2R-18N__Sullins_xPxC182LJBN-RC.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-10C-2R-20N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-10C-2R-20N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-11C-2R-22N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-11C-2R-22N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-12C-2R-24N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-12C-2R-24N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-13C-2R-26N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-13C-2R-26N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-14C-2R-28N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-14C-2R-28N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-15C-2R-30N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-15C-2R-30N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-16C-2R-32N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-16C-2R-32N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-17C-2R-34N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-17C-2R-34N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-18C-2R-36N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-18C-2R-36N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-19C-2R-38N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-19C-2R-38N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-20C-2R-40N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-20C-2R-40N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-21C-2R-42N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-21C-2R-42N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-22C-2R-44N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-22C-2R-44N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-23C-2R-46N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-23C-2R-46N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-24C-2R-48N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-24C-2R-48N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-25C-2R-50N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-25C-2R-50N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-26C-2R-52N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-26C-2R-52N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-27C-2R-54N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-27C-2R-54N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-28C-2R-56N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-28C-2R-56N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-29C-2R-58N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-29C-2R-58N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-2C-2R-4N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-2C-2R-4N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-30C-2R-60N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-30C-2R-60N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-3C-2R-6N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-3C-2R-6N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-4C-2R-8N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-4C-2R-8N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-5C-2R-10N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-5C-2R-10N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-6C-2R-12N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-6C-2R-12N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-7C-2R-14N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-7C-2R-14N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-8C-2R-16N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-8C-2R-16N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-9C-2R-18N__AMP_102979-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_HDR_RA-254P-9C-2R-18N__AMP_103149-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_PAD_STRIP-6N-200P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_PAD_STRIP-6N-254P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON_PIN_STRIP-16N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON__CUI_PJ-202AH.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CON__Switchcraft_RN-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CRYSTAL 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_742C_04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_742C_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_742C_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_742X_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_743C_04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_743C_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_744C_04.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_744C_08.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_745C_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_745X_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTS_746X_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/CTX169_oscillator.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/D 14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/D 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/D 18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/D 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/D 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/D 28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/D 8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB15F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB15M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB25F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB25M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB37F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB37M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB9F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DB9M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DFN14_HS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C64F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C64FS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C64M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C64MS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C96F.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C96FS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C96M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41612C96MS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_10S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_14S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_16S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_20S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_26S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_34S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_40S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_50S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_60S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41651_64S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE ab.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE abc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE ac.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612FEMALE_SMALL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612MALE ab.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612MALE abc.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612MALE ac.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_612MALE_SMALL.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651LAY 64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIN41_651STAND 64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIODE_LAY 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIODE_LAY 400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIODE_LAY 500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIODE_LAY 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIODE_LAY 800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP14M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP16M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP18M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP20M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP22M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP24M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP24N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP28M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP28N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP36.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP48.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DIP8M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DO-15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DO-35.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DO-41.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DO214.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DO214AB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DW 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/DW 28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/Dial_Potentiometer_with_switch_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/EIA3216.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/EIA3528.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/EIA6032.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/EIA7343.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/Generic_TSOP48_Flash.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HC49.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER10_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER10_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER12_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER12_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER14_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER14_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER16_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER16_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER18_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER18_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER20_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER20_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER22_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER22_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER26_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER26_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER2_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER2_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER30_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER30_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER34_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER34_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER40_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER40_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER4_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER4_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER50_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER50_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER60_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER64_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER64_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER6_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER6_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER8_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEADER8_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/HEPTAWATT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/IND-1016P-635L-241D__API-Delevan-1025.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC0402L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC0402M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC0402N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC1005L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC1005M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC1005N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC1608L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC1608M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC1608N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC2012L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC2012M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC2012N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC2520L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC2520M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC2520N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC3216L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC3216M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC3216N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC3225L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC3225M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC3225N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC4509L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC4509M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC4509N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC4532L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC4532M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/INDC4532N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/IRF_optical_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/IRU1015-33CT_3.3V_reg_TO220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ISA8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JMP-254P-254Sr-6N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JMP_SLDR-2N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JMP_SLDR-3N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/JUMPER9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LED 100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LED 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LED-254P-320D__Kingbright_3mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LED-254P-460D__Kingbright_4mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LED-254P-580D__Kingbright_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LED3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LED5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP100_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP112_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP120_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP128_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP128_14_EP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP128_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP144_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP160_24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP176_24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP24_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP32_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP32_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP44_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP48_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP48_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP52_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP64_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP64_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP64_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP72_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP80_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/LQFP80_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CA531.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CB518.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CB539.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD541.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD542.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD636.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_CD637.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MINICIRCUITS_KK81.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MOLEX_miniFitJr-12pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MONOBLOCK_large.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MPAK.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MSOP10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MSOP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MSP430F1121.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA100_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MTA_156 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MULTIWATT11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MULTIWATT15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/MULTIWATT8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 14 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 16 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 18 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 20 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 24 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 24 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 28 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 28 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 32 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 40 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 64 900.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/N 8 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NEC19.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_10_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_3_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_4_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_5_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_6p3_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_6p3_5p8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_6p3_7p7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_8_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/NICHICON_WT_CAP_8_5p4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OLD_QFP 44 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OPA340_SOT23-5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OPTEK_OVSRWACR6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC 8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OSC14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/OVEN_OSC 5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB14V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB24V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB28V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB2HV.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB34V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXB38V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXBS8V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXBV4V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PANASONIC_EXBV8V.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PCI5V_AVE_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PCI5V_MAX_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PCI5V_MIN_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PCI5V_SMALL_HEIGHT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PENTAWATT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC 44 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC 52 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC 68 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC 84 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC28X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC32X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC44X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC52.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC68.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC84.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PLCC_SOCKET 44 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/PQFP52_10X10 52.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/Peppermill_Power_Board__a40e6dc7c979bcff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/Power_Jack.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP100_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP120_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP128_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP128_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP144_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP160_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP2 80 150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP208_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP240_32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP304_40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP32_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP44_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP52_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP64_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP64_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP80_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QFP80_R.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QSOP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QSOP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QSOP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/QSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RADIAL_CAN 600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY1000.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY1000P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY100P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY200P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY300P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY400P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY500.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY500P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY600.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY600P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY800.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RCY800P.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-1000P-630L-240D__Yageo-M-TYPE-25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-1016P-630L-240D__Yageo-MFR-25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-1250P-900L-330D__Yageo-M-TYPE-50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-1270P-900L-330D__Yageo-MFR-50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-1500P-1150L-450D__Yageo-M-TYPE100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-1524P-1150L-450D__Yageo-MFR100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-2000P-1550L-500D__Yageo-M-TYPE200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-2032P-1550L-500D__Yageo-MFR200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-600P-340L-190D__Yageo-M-TYPE-12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-635P-340L-190D__Yageo-MFR-12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-700P-1150L-450D__Yageo-MR-TYPE100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-700P-1550L-500D__Yageo-MR-TYPE200.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RES-700P-900L-330D__Yageo-MR-TYPE-50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC0402L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC0402M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC0402N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC0603L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC0603M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC0603N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC1005L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC1005M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC1005N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC1608L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC1608M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC1608N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC2012L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC2012M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC2012N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC3216L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC3216M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC3216N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC3225L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC3225M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC3225N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC4532L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC4532M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC4532N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC4564L.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC4564M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESC4564N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-10N__CTS_745C101-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-16N__CTS_742C163-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-4N__CTS_742C043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-4N__CTS_743C043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-4N__CTS_744C043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_741C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_742C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_743C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAV-8N__CTS_744C083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAX-10N__CTS_745X101-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAX-10N__CTS_746X101-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAX-16N__CTS_741X163-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAX-4N__CTS_740X043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAX-4N__CTS_741X043-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RESCAX-8N__CTS_741X083-Series.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RN55_type_0.1W_Resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/RightAngleSMA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SC70_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SC70_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SC70_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SC70_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SC90.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SD 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SD 24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SD 28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SD 40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SDIP18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SDIP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SDIP22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SDIP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SDIP30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SDIP32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SDIP42.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP13.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SIP9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SM0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SM1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMA_VERT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_CHIP 1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_CHIP 1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_CHIP 402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_CHIP 603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_CHIP 805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_DIODE 120 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_DIODE 60 30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_DIODE 80 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_POLAR 120 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_POLAR 120 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_POLAR 140 90.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_POLAR 240 90.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_POLAR 280 100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_POLAR 60 30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_POLAR 80 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_SIMPLE 120 60.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_SIMPLE 60 30.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SMD_SIMPLE 80 50.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SME10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SME3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SME4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SME5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SME6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SME8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO14W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO16W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO18M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO18N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO18W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO20M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO20N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO20W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO22M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO24M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO24W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO28W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO32W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO8M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SO8W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOD106A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOD110.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOD123.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOD323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOD80.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOD87.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ14_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ14_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ14_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ14_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ16_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ16_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ16_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ16_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ18_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ18_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ18_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ18_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ20_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ20_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ20_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ20_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ22_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ22_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ22_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ22_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ24_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ24_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ24_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ24_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ26_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ26_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ26_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ26_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ28_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ28_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ28_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ28_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ30_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ30_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ30_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ30_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ32_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ32_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ32_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ32_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ34_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ34_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ34_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ34_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ36_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ36_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ36_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ36_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ38_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ38_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ38_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ38_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ40_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ40_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ40_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ40_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ42_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ42_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ42_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ42_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ44_300.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ44_350.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ44_400.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOJ44_450.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT-23_Transistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT143.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT223.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT23.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT23D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT26.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT323.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT323D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT325.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT326.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SOT89.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP-65P-780L1-28N__LTC_G_Package.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP48W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP56W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP64W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SSOP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SUBD_FEMALE_LAY 15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SUBD_FEMALE_LAY 25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SUBD_FEMALE_LAY 9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SUBD_MALE_LAY 15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SUBD_MALE_LAY 25.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SUBD_MALE_LAY 9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SW__CK_JS202011CQN.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-02P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-03P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-0402-CAP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-0402-RES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-04P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-05P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-0603-CAP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-0603-RES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-0603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-06P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-07P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-0805_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-08P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1007_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1210_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-16LPCC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-16W-RES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X01NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_2MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_LONGPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_OFFSET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_POGOPIN_HOLE_LARGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X01_TURRET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_BIG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X02_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X03_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X04-1.27MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X04-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X04_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X05-1.27MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X05_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SIP_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD-FEMALE-V2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD-FEMALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD_EDGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_FEMALE_LOCK.010_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X06_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X07_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X09_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X10-2MM-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X10-2MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X10_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X10_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X10_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X11-1.27MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_SMD_PTHCOMBO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X11_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X12-2MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_MACHINE-PIN-HEADER_LOCK.004_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X13-LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X13_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X14-LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X14_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X14_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X15_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X15_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X15_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_MACHINE-PIN-HEADER_LOCK.004_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X17_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X18_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X19_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_LOCK_SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X24_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_LOCK_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_LONGPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X25_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-1X27_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X03_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_LOCK_SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_NOSILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X10_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X26_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X3-NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X3_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X3_OFFSET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-RAF_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-RA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-SHROUDED_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-SHROUDED_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X5-SHROUDED_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2X8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-2_LEAD_RESONATOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-3.3V-DEVICE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-3362U-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-3362U_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-6400BG_HEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-1PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT-YOUNGSUN-LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT-YOUNGSUN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT_LONGPADS_FOR_POGOBED_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-4DIGIT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-7-SEGMENT-DISPLAY_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-78XXL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-8-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ADJD-S371_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ADMP401_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ADXL180_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ADXL193_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ADXLXXX_E8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ALM-1412_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ALPS_POT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ANTENNA-CHIP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ARDUINO-OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ATARI_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ATX24_RIGHT_ANGLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-AUDIO-JACK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-AVR_ICSP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-AVR_MINI_PROG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-AXIAL-0.3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-AXIAL-5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-AYZ0202_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-B82462G_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-B82464-A4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BALUN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BANANA_CONN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCOM_20MM_PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCON_12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCON_20MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTCON_245MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY-AA-PANEL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY-AAA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY-AA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATTERY_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BATT_245MM_TABS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BC-32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BGB203_ORIGINAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BGB203_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BLUERADIO_BR-C40A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BLUERADIO_BR-C40N_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BLUETOOTH-INTERNAL-FP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BLUETOOTH-SMD-FP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BMP085_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BNC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BREADBOARD-MINI_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-10MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-18MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE-0.1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE-MINI_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTON-CONDUCTIVE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-1X1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-2X2-SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-2X2SINGLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-2X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-4X4-SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUTTONPAD-4X4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-12MM-NS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-CCV_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-CMT1102_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-BUZZER-CMT1603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-C0402_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_CMOS_CON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_CMOS_PLUG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_SFV24R-2ST_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAMERA_SFV24R-2ST_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-LARGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-SMALL2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CAP-PTH-SMALL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CDRH125_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CDRH3D28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CFAX_COMBO_CON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CFAX_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CMA3000-A01_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CMA3000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CNZ1120_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-COOPER_UP4B_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-COPERNICUS-DIP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-COPERNICUS-TRIMBLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-COPERNICUS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-1000UF-25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-1000UF-63V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-100UF-25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CPOL-RADIAL-10UF-25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CR54_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CR75_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-32KHZ-SMD_EPSON_MC146_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-32KHZ-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-OSC-SMD-5X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-10.5X4.8-2PIN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-5X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-7.5X5.2-6PIN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-CRYSTAL-SMD-7X5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DB9_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DC-DC_CONVERTER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL06_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL18_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL28-3-SIMON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL28-3-ZIF_SOCKET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL28-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL40-6-ZIF_SOCKET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIL40_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIN7_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIN_5_FEMALE_SUPPORT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIN_5_FEMALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-1N4001_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-1N4148_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-HV_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIODE-ZENER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIP08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIPSWITCH-02_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DIPSWITCH-08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DOIDE-DO-214_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DPAK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DS_TOUCH_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_LONGPADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_NOHOLES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_NOLABELS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_SHIELD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-DUEMILANOVE_VIAS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EB-85A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EG2211_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EIA3216_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EIA3528_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EIA7343_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EM406_OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EM406_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EM408_CON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EM408_OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-EMB001_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ES_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ET-301_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ET312_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-F25D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-F25HP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-F25H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-F25VB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-F25VP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-F25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FFC_16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1.5X3_BOTTOM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1.5X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1X2.5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL-1X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FIDUCIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FUNNEL_LOGO_BOTTOM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FUNNEL_LOGO_BOTTOM_V2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-FUSE_5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-G3VM-61E1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GE863_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GE864_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GE865_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GEIGER_TUBE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GND_CONNECT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GP1A57HR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GR-10_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GRM43D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-GS406SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HC49U-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HC49U-V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HC49UP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HC49US_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HIH-4030_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1041Z_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1051Z3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1051Z_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HMC1051Z_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HMC6042_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-HTCUSB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ID-12_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ID-12_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ID-12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-IDG300_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-IDG500_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-INDUCTOR-0603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-INDUCTOR-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-IPOD_FEMALE_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-IPOD_MALE_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-JOYSTICK-PSP1000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-JOYSTICK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-KSA_SEALED_TAC_SWITCH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LASSEN_IQ_GPS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LCC20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LCC24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LCC36_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LCD-16X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LCD-G12864_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LCD_BACKLIGHT_PADS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LCD_CFAX_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED-0402_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED-0603_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-PTH-SQUARE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-PTH_SPECIAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED-TRICOLOR-THROUGHHOLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED10MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED3MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LED5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LFCSP-16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LGA12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LGA14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LGA16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LGA28-5X5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LGA28L_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LGA28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LGA44_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LIGHTPIPE-7511_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-100_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-1100MAH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-1100_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LIPO-2000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LIS331_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LITTLEBITS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LITTLE_BITS_FEMALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LITTLE_BITS_MALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LPCC20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LQFP-32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LQFP-48_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LQFP32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LUXEON-PAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LUXEON-REBEL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-LUXEON_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-M25D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-M25HP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-M25H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-M25VB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-M25VP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-M25V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MAGJACK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MAGNET-18MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MEMS-MIC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MIC-9.7MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MICRO-B-RA-SMT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MICRO-SD-SOCKET-PP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MICRO-SDCARD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MINI-DIN6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MIRF_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MLF32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MLP-24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MLP28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MLX90609_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MMA7260_REV_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MMA7260_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MN5010HS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X2_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X3_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X4_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6-RA_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6-RA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOLEX-1X6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MOTOR_MOUNT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MPL115A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MQ-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MSOP-10-GNDPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MSOP-8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MSOP8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MSS12_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MSS22_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_6400BGHEATSINK_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_6400BGHEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-MULTIWATT15_YB324GHEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-NAV_SWITCH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-NEW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-NIPPON_F80_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-NOKIA6100_LCD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-NRF24Z1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-NS73M_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-NUBBIN_LOCKER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-OBDII_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ODFN6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-OPENSERVO_VIA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-OS4000-T_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-OS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PAD-1.5X4.5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PAD.02X.02_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PAD.03X.03_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PAD.03X.05_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_C_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_D_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_E_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_G_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PANASONIC_H13_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PHOTOCELL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PIC-ICSP-MINI_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PLASTIC_SMALL_OUTLINE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-POT_ALPHA_RV16AF-20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-POWERSO20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_PTH_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_SLOT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-POWER_JACK_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PQ208_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PQFP208_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PSP_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PSP_TOUCH_CONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PTC-1206_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-PTC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-Q5-DD_SPX29300_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-Q5-DD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-20-0.4MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24-USB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24_ALT1.PAC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24_ALT1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-28_6X8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-36_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN-64_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QFN20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QRD1114_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-QRE1113_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-R2010_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-R2512_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RCA_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RCA_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-G5Q_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-G5V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-T9A-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RELAY-T9A_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR-PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR-WIDE-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RESONATOR_NOCAP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RF24G-2X5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RFM22-XXX-S2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RJ11-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RJ45-8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RJ9_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RMCM01_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RN-131G_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-RN41_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-R_SW_TH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-S2B-PH-VERTICAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-S2B-PH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-S4B-PH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SC70-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SC70_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCA1000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCA3000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCP1000-LG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCP1000_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREENKEY-TFT128_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREENKEYMATINGCONNECTOR_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-3_LOCK.007S_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-4_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-3.5MM-8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SCREWTERMINAL-5MM-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SD-MMC-CARD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SD-MMC_SOCKET-PP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-LOGO-FLAME-LARGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-LOGO-FLAME_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-LOGO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-NEW-WEBLOGO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SFE-NEW-WEB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SHT1X_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SI470001-GM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SIMHOLDER2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SIMHOLDER3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SIMHOLDER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SIT8002_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ-NC_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ-NO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S-NOTRACE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S-NO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S-TRACE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2S_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_3_PASTE1&2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_3_PASTE2&3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SJ_3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SLIDER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SM5100B-SPECIAL_FOR_TESTING_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SM5100B_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SMA-DIODE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SMA-EDGE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SMARTCARD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SMB-DIODE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SMTSO-256-ET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO-18W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO-24DW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO-24W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO-28W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO014_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO016_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO018_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO08-EIAJ_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO08-GW_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO08WIDE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO16L_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO18L_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO18W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO20W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SO28-EIAJ_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOD-323_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOD323-W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC-14_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC-18_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC-28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOIC18-W_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOLARBIT-12X1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT-23-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT223_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23-3_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23-5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23-6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT23_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT363_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT563_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT666_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SOT89_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_1X02_NO_SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_IDG500_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_MOLEX-1X6_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SPARKFUN_TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SPM0204UD5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SQFP-S-10X10-64-XS1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SQFP-S-10X10-64_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP20-LONG_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP24_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP28DB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SSOP48_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ST-GYRO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-STAND-OFF-TIGHT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-STAND-OFF_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-4PDT-CNK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPDT-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPDT_LOCK.007S_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPDT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCH-SPST-VERTICAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-SWITCHE-DPDT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE-PTH-12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE-PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE-SWITCH-1101NE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD-2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TACTILE_SWITCH_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TC26H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TC38H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TCM8240MD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TEMT6000-SEN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TFM-511_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO-220-11LEAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO-39_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO-92_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO-PMOD-7_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO220-ADJ_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO220-IGO_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO220V_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TO220_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TOUCH-SCREEN_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TOUCH1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TOUCH2_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP-100-12X12MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP-100-14X14MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP32-08_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP32-5MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP44_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP64_14X14MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TQFP64_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRACKBALL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRANSFORMER_SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRANSFORMER_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRF-24G-SOCKET_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRIMPOT-3MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRIMPOT_PTH_S3_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRIM_POT_PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TRIM_POT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSOP48_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSOP8523_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP20_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP28-GROUNDPAD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP28_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP30_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP5_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TSSOP8_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-TVSOP-16_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-U.FL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-UBW32_TQFP100_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-A-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-A-PCB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-PTH-VERTICAL_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-PTH_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-B-SMT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MB-H_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MICROB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MINIB-OLD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USB-MINIB_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-USD-SOCKET-PP_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-V18ZA2P_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-VIBE-MOTOR-10MM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-VISHAY_C_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-WIFLY_GSX_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-WLANMODULE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-WT32_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-1_LOCK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-1_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-SILK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XBEE-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XPORT_DIRECT_MODULE-SMD_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XPORT_DIRECT_MODULE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XPORT_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-XTEND-DIGI-MODEM_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-YB324G_HEATSINK_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ZG2100M_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ZIF_18POS_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/SparkFun-ZUNE_CONNECTOR_MALE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/StrongARM_CPU.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/T1.75_LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TANT_A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TANT_B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TANT_C.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TANT_D.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TK11950.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO126.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO126S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO126SW.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO126W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO218.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO220ACS.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO220ACSTAND.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO220S.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO220SW.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO220W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO247.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO247_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO251.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO264.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO39.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO92.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TO99fromLED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TPA2000D1_Audio_Amplifier smd.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP100_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP100_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP120_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP128_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP128_14_EP.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP128_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP144_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP160_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP208_28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP240_32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP304_40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP32_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP44_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP52_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP64_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP64_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP80_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TQFP80_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSOP32A.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSOP32B.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP38N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP48.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP48N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP56.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP56N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP80.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/TSSOP8W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/UART.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/US14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/US16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/US8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIF 16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIF 20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP28.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/ZIP9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/dip_double_row_16_500mil_700mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/monoblock_small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pc104+.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pc104.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq128.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq144.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq160.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq208.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq240.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq304.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq32.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/pq44.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/smt0402.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/smt0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/smt0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/smt1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/smt1210.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/smt1913.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/smt2416.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/pcb/test_filter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/Dial_Potentiometer_with_switch_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/HCMS-29xxff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/Peppermill_Power_Board__a40e6dc7c979bcff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/SN74HC14N_SchmittTrigger_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/contrib/schematic/TPA2000D1_AudioAmplifier_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC010_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC020_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC040_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC080_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/11LC160_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/16-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC01_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC02_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC04_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC1025_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC128_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC256_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC512_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/24LC64_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC010_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC020_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC040_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC080_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC1024_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC128_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC160_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC256_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC320_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC512_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/25LC640_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/555timerbreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/5DOF-v25_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/7-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/74HC595.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AD5206_Digital_Potentiometer__1569b6e5e5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino Voice Shield-v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Ethernet_Shield__1f9aa78a3d98991.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_LilyPad7f6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Arduino_Mini_Proc8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Ardumoto v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2e.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/BMP085 Breakout-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Barometric_Pressure_Sensor__2eaec138e035.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Basic_Force_Sensing_Resistor_(FSR)__a4ff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Battery_block_9V85_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Buzzer-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Color-LCD-Shield-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DS1302_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DS1307_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/EasyDriver_v44_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FRM010_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FRM050_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/FTDI Basic-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/GPSShield-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/HMC6352-v18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Half_breadboard56a.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/IR_Receiver_v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ISD1932 Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ITG-3200-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Joystick-Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Joystick_Shield-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/L293D_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LED-5mm-red-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LQFP-32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LQFP-48_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LSM303 breakout board-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Level-Converter-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad SimplePower-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Button-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Simple-v22_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-Temp-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-XBee-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad-slide-switch13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/LilyPad_LED-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MIDI Music Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MIDI_Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/MP3 Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Mainboard-v18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Mega_Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Modkit Shield-v1a_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Netduino.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/NetduinoMini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/NetduinoPlus.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/OBD-II-UART-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Op Amp Breakout-v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_08M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_14M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18X_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_18_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_20M_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_20X2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X2_3V_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28X_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X1_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X2_3V_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PICAXE_40X_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Parallax_Propeller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PowerDriver-Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ProtoShield-Mini-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ProtoShield-v25_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-20-0.4MM_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-24_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-28_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-32_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-36_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/QFN-64_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RFID_USB_Reader-v14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/RGB_matrix_v25_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS14N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS20N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS21N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SN74LS32N_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO-24W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO-28W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO08_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO18W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SO20W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SOIC-14_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SOIC18-W_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP20_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP24_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP28DB_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/SSOP48_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Si470x-Eval-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_Bipolar_breadboard_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_Unipolar_breadboard_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TMP102_Breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/TQFP32-5MM_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Teensy_2.0_++_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Teensy_2.0_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Touch_Shield-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Trackballer-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/Tricolor-LED v16_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ULN2003A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ULN2803A_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/USBHostShield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/WiFly_Shield-v17_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/XBee-Regulated-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/accelerometer-adxl.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ad5330 breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/antenna.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/arduino_mini_usb_adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/atmega168.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/audiojack_breakout-v11_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_fsr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_pbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_pbutton_2leg_horizon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_photo_transistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/basic_toggle_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/batterypack_2xAA_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/batterypack_4xAAA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/breadboard2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/canbus_shield-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/capacitor_tantalum_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/cellular shield-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ceramic_capacitor_blue_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ceramic_disk_thermistor_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_arduino_diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_arduino_mega.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_arduino_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_mbed.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_pico.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_wiring_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/controller_wiring_usb_adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/crystal_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/dc_motor_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/din-5_midi_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF_35v_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF_35v_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_small_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/generic_female_pin_header_1_100mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/generic_ic_dip_4_300mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/generic_male_pin_header_1_100mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/generic_rounded_female_pin_header_1_100mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/generic_sip_2_300mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/h-bridge.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/halfBreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/inductor_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/infrared proximity sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lcd-screen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/led-rgb-4pin-anode-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/led-rgb-6pin-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lm34.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lm35.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/lm358_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/loudspeaker.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/microSD_Shield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/microphone.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mosfet_n_channel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mosfet_p_channel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mp3-trigger-v22_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mystery_part_3_sip_100mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/mystery_part_4_dip_300mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/optocoupler4n35_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/peltier_element.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/piezo_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/pot-slider.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/pot-small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/potentiometer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/potentiometer_trimmer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/power_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/powertransistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/powertransistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/proto_shield_v6MEGA_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/quadstep-v12_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/reed_switch_leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/relay_reloaded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/resistor_220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/resonator-2pin-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/resonator-3pin-leg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/screw_terminal_2_100mil_bread.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/screwshield-v15_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/servo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/smd_atmega168.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/solenoid.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/stereo-jack-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/tilt_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/tinyBreadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/tmp36.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/transistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/transistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/uM_FPUv2_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/uM_FPUv3_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/usb_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/voltage_regulator_vreg.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/xbee.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/breadboard/xbeeshield-v13_breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC010_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC020_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC040_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC080_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/11LC160_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/16-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC01_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC02_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC04_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC08_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC1025_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC128_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC16_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC256_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC32_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC512_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/24LC64_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC010_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC020_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC040_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC080_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC1024_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC128_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC160_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC256_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC320_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC512_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/25LC640_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/555timericon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/7-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/74HC595.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/7segment.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/AD5206_Digital_Potentiometer__1569b6e5e5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Ethernet_Shield__1f9aa78a3d98991.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_LilyPad3b7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Arduino_Mini_Prod5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2e.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Barometric_Pressure_Sensor__2eaec138e035.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Basic_Force_Sensing_Resistor_(FSR)__a4ff.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Battery_block_9V82.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DS1302_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/DS1307_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FRM010_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/FRM050_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/L293D_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-red-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LED-rgb-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_08M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_08_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_14M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18X_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_18_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_20M_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_20X2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X2_3V_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28X_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_28_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X1_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X2_3V_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/PICAXE_40X_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS14N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS20N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS21N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/SN74LS32N_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Teensy_2.0_++_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/Teensy_2.0_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ULN2003A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ULN2803A_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/accelerometer-adxl.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/antenna.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/arduino_diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/atmega168_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic-diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_fsr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_pbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_pbutton_2leg_horizon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_photo_transistoricon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_poti_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_relay.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_servo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_toggle_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_transistor_npnicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/basic_transistor_pnpicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/batterypack_2xAA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/breadboardicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/capacitor_tantalum.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ceramic_capacitor_blue_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/ceramic_disk_thermistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_mbed.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_pico.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/controller_wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/crystal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/dc_motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/din-5_midi_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/dip_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_small_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/generic_female_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/h-bridge_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/halfBreadboardIcon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/inductor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/infrared proximity sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lcd-screen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/led-rgb-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lm34icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lm358icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/lm35icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/loudspeaker.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/microphone.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/mosfet_n_channel_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/mosfet_p_channel_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/mystery_part_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/optocoupler4n35_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/parallax_propeller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/peltier_element.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/piezo_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/plain_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/pot-slider.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/pot-small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/potentiometer.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/power_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/powertransistor_npn_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/powertransistor_pnp_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/reed_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/relay_reloaded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/resistor_icon_220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/resonator-2pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/screw_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/solenoid.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/stereo-jack-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/tilt_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/tinyBreadboardIcon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/tmp36icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/uM_FPUv2_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/uM_FPUv3_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/usb_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/voltage_regulator_vreg_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/icon/xbee.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/5DOF-v25_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/5mm_LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino Voice Shield-v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_LilyPad4b5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Arduino_Mini_Prod5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Ardumoto v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/BMP085 Breakout-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Buzzer-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Color-LCD-Shield-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DIN5_midi_5_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DO-41_diode_2_300mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/EasyDriver_v44_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/FRS1B-S-relay-fp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/FTDI Basic-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fritzing icon copper1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Fritzing icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/GPSShield-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/HMC6352-v18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/IR_Receiver_v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ISD1932 Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ITG-3200-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Joystick-Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Joystick_Shield-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LED-TRICOLOR-THROUGHHOLE_SparkFun.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LQFP-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LQFP-48_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LSM303 breakout board-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Level-Converter-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad SimplePower-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Button-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Simple-v22_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-Temp-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-XBee-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad-slide-switch13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/LilyPad_LED-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MIDI Music Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MIDI_Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/MP3 Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Made with Fritzing.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Mainboard-v18_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Mega_Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Modkit Shield-v1a_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OBD-II-UART-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OHANDA logo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/OSHW logo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Op Amp Breakout-v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PowerDriver-Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ProtoShield-Mini-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ProtoShield-v25_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-20-0.4MM_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-28_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-32_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-36_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/QFN-64_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RFID_USB_Reader-v14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/RGB_matrix_v25_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_D2Pak.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_DPak.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_Diode_MelfDO213AB.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LED_0603.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LED_0805.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LED_1206.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_LQFP32_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO16-W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO16_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO24_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO8-W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SO8_DT.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_SOT-23.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_A_3216.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_B_3528.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_C_6032.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_cap_tantal_D_7343.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_crystal_HC49.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_0405.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_0605.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_0807.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_elko_1010.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SMD_pushbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS14N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS20N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS21N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SN74LS32N_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO-24W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO-28W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO08_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO18W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SO20W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SOIC-14_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SOIC18-W_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP20_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP24_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP28DB_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/SSOP48_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Si470x-Eval-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TMP102_Breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TO-220.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TO92_3_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/TQFP32-5MM_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Teensy_2.0_++_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Teensy_2.0_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Touch_Shield-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Trackballer-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/Tricolor-LED v16_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/USBHostShield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/WiFly_Shield-v17_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/XBee-Regulated-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/ad5330 breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/audiojack_breakout-v11_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_300mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_400mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_500mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_600mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_lay_2_800mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_stand0_2_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/axial_stand1_2_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/battery_pack_mounted_500mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/canbus_shield-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_ceramic_100mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_ceramic_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_elko_large_300mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_elko_medium_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_elko_small_100mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_tantalum_100mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/capacitor_tantalum_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/cellular shield-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/connector_power_pj202ah.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/connector_usb_b.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/crystal_HC18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/crystal_hc49u.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/dip_4_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/dip_4_300mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/inductor_400mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/jumper_1_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/jumper_2_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/jumper_3_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/microSD_Shield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/mp3-trigger-v22_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/parallax_propeller_DIL40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-diecimila-fp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-mega-fp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-mini-usb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-pro-mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pcb-arduino-shield.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pot-slider.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/proto_shield_v6MEGA_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/pushbutton_2_300mil_thick.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/quadstep-v12_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/screw_terminal_2_100mil_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/screwshield-v15_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/stereo-jack-3_5mm-PG203J.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/switch-4lead.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimpot.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/trimpot_meggitt_pih.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/wiringmini_900mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/wiringmini_usb-adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/xbee_20_2mm_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/pcb/xbeeshield-v13_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/10x2-Epaper-Breakout-Board-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC020_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC040_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC080_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/11LC160_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/16-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC01_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC02_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC04_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC1025_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC256_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC512_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/24LC64_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC020_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC040_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC080_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC1024_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC128_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC160_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC256_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC320_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC512_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/25LC640_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/555timerschematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/5DOF-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/7-segment display.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/74HC595.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ACS712 Low Current Sensor Board v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AD5206_Digital_Potentiometer__1569b6e5e5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ADXL345-BreakoutBoard-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/AlphaNumericDisplay-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Amplified-Mic-Electret-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino Voice Shield-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino-Pro-Mini-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ArduinoBluetoothMatev13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Ethernet_Shield__1f9aa78a3d98991.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Fio.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_LilyPad7f6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Arduino_Mini_Prod5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Ardumoto v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2e.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2p24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2p40.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2pe.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2px24.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BASIC_Stamp_2sx.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/BMP085 Breakout-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Barometric_Pressure_Sensor__2eaec138e035.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Battery_block_9V82.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Breadboard Power Supply - SMD v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Buzzer-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Color-LCD-Shield-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DS1302_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DS1307_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/DeadOn RTC - DS3234 Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/EasyDriver_v44_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FRM010_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FRM050_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/FTDI Basic-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/GLCD_128x64.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/GPSShield-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Gas_Sensor_Breakout-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HIH-4030_Breakout-v10_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HMC5883L_Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/HMC6352-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/IR_Receiver_v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ISD1932 Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ITG-3200-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Joystick-Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Joystick_Shield-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/L293D_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LICENSE.txt
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LQFP-32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LQFP-48_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LSM303 breakout board-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Level-Converter-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LiPo-USB-Charger-v21_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad Battery-Connect-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad Coincell-Battery-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad SimplePower-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Accelerometer-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Button-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Light Sensor-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Simple-v22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-Temp-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-XBee-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad-slide-switch13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/LilyPad_LED-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Lilypad_PowerSupply-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MIDI Music Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MIDI_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/MP3 Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Mainboard-v18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Mega_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Modkit Shield-v1a_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/NCP1400_5V_Step-Up_v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Netduino.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/NetduinoMini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/OBD-II-UART-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Op Amp Breakout-v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_08M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_14M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_18_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_20M_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_20X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X2_3V_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_28_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X1_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X2_3V_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PICAXE_40X_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Parallax_Propeller.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PowerDriver-Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/PowerSupply-Lipo-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ProtoShield-Mini-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ProtoShield-v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-20-0.4MM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-24_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-28_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-32_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-36_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/QFN-64_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RFID_USB_Reader-v14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/RGB_matrix_v25_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS14N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS20N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS21N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SN74LS32N_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO-24W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO-28W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO08_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO18W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SO20W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SOIC-14_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SOIC18-W_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP20_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP24_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP28DB_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/SSOP48_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Si470x-Eval-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TEMT6000_Breakout-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TMP102_Breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/TQFP32-5MM_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Teensy_2.0_++_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Teensy_2.0_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Touch_Shield-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Trackballer-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/Tricolor-LED v16_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ULN2003A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ULN2803A_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/USBHostShield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/WiFly_Shield-v17_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/XBee-Regulated-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/accelerometer-adxl.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ad5330 breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/antenna.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atmega168_32pol.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/atmega168_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/audiojack_breakout-v11_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_fsr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_poti.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_transistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/basic_transistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/canbus_shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/capacitor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/capacitor_polar.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/cellular shield-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_arduino_mega.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_arduino_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_arduino_mini_usb_adapter_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_arduino_pro_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_mbed.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_pico.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_wiring.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_wiring_usb_adapter.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/controller_wiringmini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/crystal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/dc_motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/dc_powersupply.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/din-5_midi_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_photo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_schottky.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_tunnel.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/diode_zener.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/fet_n.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/fet_p.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/generic_female_pin_header_1_100mil_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/generic_ic_dip_4_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/generic_male_pin_header_1_100mil_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/generic_sip_1_300mil_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/gogoboard_4.043282.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/h-bridge_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/inductor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/infrared proximity sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lcd-screen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rgb-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rgb-4pin-cathode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/led.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lm34_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lm358_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/lm35_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/loudspeaker.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/microSD_Shield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/microphone.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/mp3-trigger-v22_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/mystery_part_3_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/mystery_part_4_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/optocoupler4n35_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/peltier_element.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/piezo_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/power_plug.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/proto_shield_v6MEGA_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/pushbutton.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/pushbutton4lead.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/quadstep-v12_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/reed_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/relay.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/rfid_reader_id12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/schematic-arduino-diecimila.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/schematic-arduino-lilypad.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/screw_terminal_2_100mil_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/screwshield-v15_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/servo_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/solenoid.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/spdt-switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/stereo-jack-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/thermistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/tilt_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/tmp36_schem.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/uM_FPUv2_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/uM_FPUv3_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/usb_connector.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/voltage_regulator_5v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/voltage_regulator_7833.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/voltage_regulator_LM317.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/xbee.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/core/schematic/xbeeshield-v13_schematic.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Battery_block_9V85.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-blue.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-green.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-red.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-white.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/LED-5mm-yellow.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__breadboard.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/artreeno.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_diode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_ldr.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_relay.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_resistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_servo.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_transistor_npn.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/basic_transistor_pnp.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/batterypack_2xAA.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/capacitor_tantalum.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/ceramic_capacitor_blue.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/ceramic_disk_capacitor_ochre.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/ceramic_disk_thermistor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_lilypad.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/controller_arduino_pro_mini.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/crystal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/dc_motor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_1000uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_100uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_220uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_4700uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_470uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_47uF_35v.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/electrolytic_capacitor_small.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header-rounded_bread_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-female-header_bread_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic-male-header_bread_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic_female_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic_female_header_metal_rounded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/generic_male_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/inductor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/led-rgb-4pin-anode.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/led-rgb-6pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/mystery_part9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/reed_switch.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_1.5k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_100k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_10k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_150k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_15k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_1M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_1k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_2.2k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_220k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_22k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_27k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_3.3k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_33.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_330.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_330k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_33k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_4.7k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_47.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_470.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_470k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_47k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_6.8k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_68.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_680.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_680k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resistor_68k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resonator-2pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/resonator-3pin.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/breadboard/screw_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-blue-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-green-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-white-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/LED-yellow-5mmicon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/ceramic_disk_capacitor_ochre_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_100uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_4700uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/electrolytic_capacitor_470uF_icon.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/generic_female_header_metal_rounded.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/generic_male_header.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_1.5k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_100.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_100k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_10k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_15.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_150.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_150k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_15k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_1M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_1k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_2.2k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_22.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_220k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_22k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_27k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_3.3k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_33.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_330.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_330k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_33k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_4.7k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_47.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_470.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_470k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_47k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_6.8k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_68.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_680.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_680k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/icon/resistor_icon_68k.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP14M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP14N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP16M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP16N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP18M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP18N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP20M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP20N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP22M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP22N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP24M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP24N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP28M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP28N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP28W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP30W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP30W_arduino_nano.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP32W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP36W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP40W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP42W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP44W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP48W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP4N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP64X.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP6N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP8M.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP8N.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/DIP8W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED-red-5mmpcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/LED-red-5mmpcb_gen.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Stepper_Motor_-_Bipolar__pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/Stepper_Motor_-_Unipolar__pcb.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/T1.75_LED.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/T1.75_LED_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/artreeno.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_300mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_400mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_500mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_600mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/axial_lay_800mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper2-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper3-200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper3-3_5mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/jumper9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_100x160mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_150x200mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_200x300mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_250x250mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_60x100mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/pcb_75x100mm.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/peltier_sensor.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_200mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_300mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_400mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_500mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/radial_can_600mil.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/resistor-025W.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/pcb/to92.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/artreeno.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-female-header_schem_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic-male-header_schem_9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic_female_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/generic_male_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part1.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part10.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part11.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part12.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part14.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part16.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part18.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part2.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part20.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part3.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part4.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part5.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part6.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part7.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part8.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/mystery_part9.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/schematic-arduino-diecimila_old.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/obsolete/schematic/screw_terminal.svg
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/breadboard/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/icon/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/pcb/
share/fritzing/parts/svg/user/schematic/
share/fritzing/parts/user/
share/fritzing/resources/
share/fritzing/resources/bins/
share/fritzing/resources/bins/bin.fzb
share/fritzing/resources/bins/my_parts.fzb
share/fritzing/resources/bins/search.fzb
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/DroidSans-Bold.ttf
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/DroidSans.ttf
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/DroidSansMono.ttf
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/NOTICE
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/OCRA.otf
share/fritzing/resources/fonts/ReadMe.txt
share/fritzing/resources/images/
share/fritzing/resources/images/AboutBoxLogoShield.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/aboutbox_CC.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/aboutbox_FHP.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/aboutbox_scrollfade.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/add.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/applications-accessories.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/breadboard_grid_tile.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/breadboard_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/bendpoint.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/bendpoint_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/curve.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/curve_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/magic_wand.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/magic_wand_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/make_wire.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/make_wire_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/new_bendpoint.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/new_bendpoint_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/part_move.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/part_move_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/rubberband_move.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/rubberband_move_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/spot_face_cutter.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/cursor/spot_face_cutter_mask.bmp
share/fritzing/resources/images/document-print.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/dot.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/error_count_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/error_x_mini.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/error_x_mini.svg
share/fritzing/resources/images/error_x_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/fhp_logo_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/fritzing_icon.icns
share/fritzing/resources/images/fritzing_icon.ico
share/fritzing/resources/images/fritzing_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/helpImageBreadboard.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/helpImagePCB.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/helpImageSchematic.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icon_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonDown.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/arrowButtonUp.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/asterisk.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/combobox-arrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCloseHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCloseNormal_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetClosePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCollapseHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCollapseNormal_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetCollapsePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetEmpty_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetFloatHover_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetFloatNormal_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/dockWidgetFloatPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/noicon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/noteResizeGrip.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinAddPartPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinAddPart_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinBinoptionsPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinBinoptions_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinCoreEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinCorePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinDeleteDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinDeleteEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinDeletePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinExportPartDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinExportPartEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinExportPartPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinIconViewActivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinIconViewActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinIconViewDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinIconViewEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinIconViewInactivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinIconViewInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinIconViewPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinListViewActivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinListViewActive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinListViewDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinListViewEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinListViewInactivePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinListViewInactive_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinListViewPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinMenuPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinMenu_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinOpenEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinOpenPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinPartoptionsPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinPartoptions_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinSaveDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinSaveEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinSavePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsBinToolButtonArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorConnectorAddDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorConnectorAddEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorConnectorAddPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorConnectorRemoveDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorConnectorRemoveEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorConnectorRemovePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInEnabled.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInHorButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomInVerButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutEnabled.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutHorButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/partsEditorZoomOutVerButton.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/parts_plural_v3_plur.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/parts_plural_v3_sing.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/searchField.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXActiveDimmed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXActiveFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXActiveFocusHover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXInactiveDimmed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXInactiveFocus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/segmentedSwitcherXInactiveFocusHover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerBDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerBEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerBPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerTDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerTEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarActiveLayerTPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAdHocPartDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAdHocPartPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAdHocPart_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAutorouteDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAutorouteEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarAutoroutePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarDiyDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarDiyEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarDiyPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarEditPartDisabled_toolbar_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarEditPartEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_diy_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_gbr_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_gbx_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_jpeg_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_pdf_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_png_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarExport_ps_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarFlipDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarFlipEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarFlipPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNotesDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNotesEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarNotesPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOrderDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOrderEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarOrderPressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarPastie_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarRotateDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarRotateEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarRotatePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarShareDisabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarShareEnabled_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbarSharePressed_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/toolbar_separator.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderMinus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderMinusPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderPlus.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/icons/zoomSliderPlusPressed.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpAutorouteArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpCloseButtonBreadboard.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpCloseButtonPCB.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpCloseButtonSchematic.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpPartsBinArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/inViewHelpSwitchButtonsArrow.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveBottomLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveBottomRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveTopLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerActiveTopRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkBottomLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkBottomRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkTopLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/cornerHandlerDarkTopRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/crosshairHandlerActive.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/crosshairHandlerHover.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/crosshairHandlerNormal.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingBottom.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingBottomLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingBottomRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingTop.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingTopLeft.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/itemselection/selectionRingTopRight.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/new.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/pcb_grid_tile.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/pcb_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/print.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/remove.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/remove_prop_enter.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/remove_prop_leave.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/save.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/schematic_grid_tile.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/schematic_icon.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash_2010.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splash_progressbar.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/splitterHandle.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/undo.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/waiting_circle_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/warning_mark_mini.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/warning_mark_small.png
share/fritzing/resources/images/watermark_fritzing_outline.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/30.20PerfboardModuleID.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/30.20StripboardModuleID.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/cmRuler.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper0logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper0logotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper1logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/copper1logotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/dcpower.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/ground.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/groundplane.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/hole.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/jumper.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/logoimage.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/logotext.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/note.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/power.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/rectangle_pcb.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/rectangle_pcb_two_layers.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/schematic_frame.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/via.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/core/wire.fzp
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/30.20perfboard.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/ruler.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/breadboard/wire.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/cell.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper0_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper0_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper1_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/copper1_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/ground.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/groundplane.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/hole.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/iconPerfboard.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/iconStripboard.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/jumpericon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/note.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/power.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/rectangle_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/rulericon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/schematic_frame_icon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/silkscreen_logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/silkscreen_text.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/via.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/icon/wireicon.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/copper1logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/groundplane.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/hole.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/jumper.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/logo.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/rectangle_pcb.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/pcb/via.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/cell.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/frame.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/ground.svg
share/fritzing/resources/parts/svg/core/schematic/power.svg
share/fritzing/resources/properties.xml
share/fritzing/resources/ratsnestcolors.xml
share/fritzing/resources/styles/
share/fritzing/resources/styles/fritzing.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/inviewhelp.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/linux-gnome.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/linux-kde-oxygen.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/linux.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/mac.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/partseditor.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/programwindow.qss
share/fritzing/resources/styles/updatedialog.css
share/fritzing/resources/styles/win.qss
share/fritzing/resources/templates/
share/fritzing/resources/templates/bom.html
share/fritzing/resources/templates/bom_row.html
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_dip_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_pin_header_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_pin_header_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_female_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_male_pin_header_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_male_pin_header_schem_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_rounded_female_pin_header_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_sip_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_sip_connectorFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/generic_sip_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/jumper_copper0LayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/jumper_jumperwiresLayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/jumper_pcb_svg_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/mystery_part_dipFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/mystery_part_sipFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_boardLayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_connectorFzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_connectorTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/perfboard_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/resizableBoard_boardLayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/resizableBoard_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/resizableBoard_silkscreenLayerTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/schematic_frame_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/screw_terminal_bread_template.txt
share/fritzing/resources/templates/screw_terminal_fzpTemplate.txt
share/fritzing/resources/vias.xml
share/fritzing/resources/zoomfactors.txt
share/fritzing/sketches/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/
share/fritzing/sketches/core/555TouchSwitch.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputFSR.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputOutput.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputPot.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputThermistor.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/AnalogInputToServo.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Arduino-no-FTDI.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/ArduinoISP.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Barebones Arduino (stripboard).fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Blink-SMD.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Blink.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Button-SMD.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Button.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Curvy-Parking-Assistant.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/DC_motor_control.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Knock.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/LiquidCrystalDisplay.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Loop-SMD.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Loop.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Melody.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/MidiDrumKit.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Op-amp.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Optocoupler.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Parking-Assistant.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Photocell.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/RGB-LED.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Relay.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Shift_Register.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Shift_Register_double_sided.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Stepper_Motor.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Stepper_Motor_double_sided.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/TiltSwitch.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/TouchSwitch.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/TrafficLight.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/VirtualColorMixer.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/VirtualColorMixer_double_sided.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/VoltageRegulator_7800series.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/VoltageRegulator_with_switch.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/Window_Alarm.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/color-fader.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/npnPowerTransistor.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/core/treeduino.fz
share/fritzing/sketches/index.xml
share/fritzing/tools/
share/fritzing/tools/artreeno/
share/fritzing/tools/artreeno/artreeno.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/artreeno/artreeno.pro
share/fritzing/tools/artreeno/hackamila.svg
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/fixfz.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/fixfz.h
share/fritzing/tools/fixfz/fixfz.pro
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/COPYING
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/PKG-INFO
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/README
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/autosearch.html
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/cfgfile.html
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1a.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1b.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1c.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1d.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1e.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1f.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/ex1g.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/gpl.html
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/index.html
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/layout1.cfg
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/layout1.def
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/layout2.cfg
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/layout2.def
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/layoutfile.html
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/sample.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/doc/sample2.png
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/__init__.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/amacro.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/aptable.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/config.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/drillcluster.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/fabdrawing.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/geometry.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/gerbmerge.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/jobs.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/makestroke.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/parselayout.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/placement.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/schwartz.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/scoring.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/strokes.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/tilesearch1.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/tilesearch2.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/tiling.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/gerbmerge/util.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/misc/
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/misc/gerbmerge.bat
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/setup.cfg
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/setup.py
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/Makefile
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/README
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/fabdwg.txt
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.bor
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.brd
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.cam
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.cmp
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.dri
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.gpi
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.plc
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.sch
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.sol
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/hexapod.xln
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/layout1.cfg
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/layout1.def
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/layout2.cfg
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/layout2.def
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.bor
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.cmp
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.fab
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.oln
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.plc
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.pls
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.sco
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.sol
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.stc
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.sts
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/merge1.xln
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/placement.merge1.txt
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.bor
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.brd
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.cam
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.cmp
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.dri
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.drl
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.gpi
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.plc
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.pls
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.sch
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.sol
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.stc
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.sts
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/proj1.xln
share/fritzing/tools/gerb-merge/testdata/toollist.merge1.drl
share/fritzing/tools/linux_release_script/
share/fritzing/tools/linux_release_script/release.all.sh
share/fritzing/tools/linux_release_script/release.sh
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/README
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/dummy-xml/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/dummy-xml/dummy-xml.pro
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/dummy-xml/ll/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/dummy-xml/ll/dummy-xml-ll.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/dummy-xml/xml.g
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/glsl/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/glsl/build.sh
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/glsl/glsl
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/glsl/glsl-lex.l
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/glsl/glsl.g
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/glsl/glsl.pro
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/lambda/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/lambda/COMPILE
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/lambda/lambda.g
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/lambda/lambda.pro
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/lambda/main.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/qparser/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/qparser/COMPILE
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/qparser/calc.g
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/qparser/calc.l
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/qparser/qparser.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/qparser/qparser.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/examples/qparser/qparser.pro
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/compress.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/compress.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/cppgenerator.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/cppgenerator.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/dotgraph.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/dotgraph.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/grammar.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/grammar_p.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/lalr.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/lalr.g
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/lalr.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/main.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/parsetable.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/parsetable.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/recognizer.cpp
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/recognizer.h
share/fritzing/tools/qlalr/src/src.pro
share/fritzing/translations/
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ar.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ar.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_bg.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_bg.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_cs.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_cs.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_de.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_de.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_el.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_el.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_en.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_en.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_es.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_es.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_et.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_et.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_fr.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_fr.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_hu.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_hu.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_it.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_it.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ja.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ja.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_nl.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_nl.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pl.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pl.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_br.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_br.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_pt.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_pt_pt.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ro.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ro.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ru.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_ru.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sv.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_sv.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_th.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_th.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_tr.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_tr.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_cn.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_cn.ts
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_tw.qm
share/fritzing/translations/fritzing_zh_tw.ts
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/arduino.xml
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/picaxe.xml
share/fritzing/translations/syntax/styles.xml
@exec %D/bin/update-desktop-database
@unexec-delete %D/bin/update-desktop-database
