@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.2 2006/07/10 14:34:23 aanriot Exp $
%%SHARED%%
bin/prelude-lml
include/prelude-lml/
include/prelude-lml/prelude-lml.h
lib/prelude-lml/
lib/prelude-lml/debug.a
lib/prelude-lml/debug.la
lib/prelude-lml/pcre.a
lib/prelude-lml/pcre.la
share/examples/prelude-lml/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/
share/examples/prelude-lml/plugins.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/plugins.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/prelude-lml.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/prelude-lml.conf
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/apc-emu.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/apc-emu.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/arbor.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/arbor.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/arpwatch.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/arpwatch.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/cisco-pix.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/cisco-pix.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/cisco-router.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/cisco-router.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/cisco-vpn.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/cisco-vpn.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/clamav.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/clamav.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/dell-om.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/dell-om.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/f5-bigip.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/f5-bigip.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/grsecurity.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/grsecurity.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/honeyd.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/honeyd.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/httpd.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/httpd.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/ipchains.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/ipchains.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/ipfw.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/ipfw.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/linksys-wap11.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/linksys-wap11.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/modsecurity.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/modsecurity.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/ms-sql.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/ms-sql.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/nagios.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/nagios.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/navce.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/navce.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/netapp-ontap.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/netapp-ontap.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/netfilter.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/netfilter.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/netscreen.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/netscreen.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/ntsyslog.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/ntsyslog.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/openhostapd.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/openhostapd.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/pam.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/pam.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/pcanywhere.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/pcanywhere.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/pcre.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/pcre.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/portsentry.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/portsentry.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/postfix.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/postfix.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/proftpd.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/proftpd.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/qpopper.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/qpopper.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/selinux.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/selinux.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/sendmail.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/sendmail.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/shadow-utils.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/shadow-utils.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/single.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/single.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/sonicwall.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/spamassassin.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/squid.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/squid.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/ssh.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/ssh.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/sudo.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/sudo.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/tripwire.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/tripwire.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/vigor.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/vigor.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/vpopmail.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/vpopmail.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/webmin.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/webmin.rules
share/examples/prelude-lml/ruleset/wu-ftp.rules
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/prelude-lml/ruleset/wu-ftp.rules
@sample /var/prelude-lml/
@sample /var/spool/prelude-lml/
@extraunexec rm -rf /var/prelude-lml/*
@extraunexec rm -rf /var/spool/prelude-lml/*
