@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.5 2004/08/10 16:58:10 naddy Exp $
bin/ion
bin/pwm
lib/ion/
lib/ion/de.la
lib/ion/dock.la
lib/ion/floatws.la
lib/ion/ion-completefile
lib/ion/ionws.la
lib/ion/lc/
lib/ion/lc/ioncore-efbb.lc
lib/ion/lc/ioncorelib-mplexfns.lc
lib/ion/lc/ioncorelib.lc
lib/ion/lc/menulib.lc
lib/ion/lc/querylib.lc
lib/ion/menu.la
lib/ion/query.la
@man man/man1/ion.1
@man man/man1/pwm.1
share/doc/ion/
share/doc/ion/ChangeLog
share/doc/ion/LICENSE
share/doc/ion/README
share/examples/ion/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/
share/examples/ion/dock-draw.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/dock-draw.lua
share/examples/ion/dock.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/dock.lua
share/examples/ion/draw.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/draw.lua
share/examples/ion/floatws.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/floatws.lua
share/examples/ion/ion-bindings.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/ion-bindings.lua
share/examples/ion/ion-menus.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/ion-menus.lua
share/examples/ion/ion.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/ion.lua
share/examples/ion/ionws.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/ionws.lua
share/examples/ion/kludges.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/kludges.lua
share/examples/ion/look-brownsteel.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-brownsteel.lua
share/examples/ion/look-clean.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-clean.lua
share/examples/ion/look-cleanios.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-cleanios.lua
share/examples/ion/look-cleanviolet.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-cleanviolet.lua
share/examples/ion/look-dusky.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-dusky.lua
share/examples/ion/look-greyviolet.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-greyviolet.lua
share/examples/ion/look-ios.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-ios.lua
share/examples/ion/look-simpleblue.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-simpleblue.lua
share/examples/ion/look-wheat2.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/look-wheat2.lua
share/examples/ion/menu.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/menu.lua
share/examples/ion/pwm-bindings.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/pwm-bindings.lua
share/examples/ion/pwm-menus.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/pwm-menus.lua
share/examples/ion/pwm.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/pwm.lua
share/examples/ion/query.lua
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion/query.lua
share/ion/
share/ion/delib.lua
share/ion/ion-edit
share/ion/ion-man
share/ion/ion-runinxterm
share/ion/ion-ssh
share/ion/ion-view
share/ion/ioncore-efbb.lua
share/ion/ioncorelib-mplexfns.lua
share/ion/ioncorelib.lua
share/ion/menulib.lua
share/ion/querylib.lua
share/ion/welcome_message.txt
%%SHARED%%
@extraunexec rm -rf ${SYSCONFDIR}/ion
