@comment $OpenBSD: PLIST,v 1.3 2007/05/16 15:59:23 aanriot Exp $
bin/sarg
@man man/man1/sarg.1
share/examples/sarg/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/
share/examples/sarg/css.tpl
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/css.tpl
share/examples/sarg/exclude_codes
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/exclude_codes
share/examples/sarg/fonts/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/fonts/
share/examples/sarg/fonts/FreeSans.ttf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/fonts/FreeSans.ttf
share/examples/sarg/images/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/images/
share/examples/sarg/images/datetime.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/images/datetime.png
share/examples/sarg/images/graph.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/images/graph.png
share/examples/sarg/images/sarg-squidguard-block.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/images/sarg-squidguard-block.png
share/examples/sarg/images/sarg.png
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/images/sarg.png
share/examples/sarg/languages/
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/
share/examples/sarg/languages/Bulgarian_windows1251
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Bulgarian_windows1251
share/examples/sarg/languages/Catalan
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Catalan
share/examples/sarg/languages/Czech
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Czech
share/examples/sarg/languages/Czech_UTF8
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Czech_UTF8
share/examples/sarg/languages/Dutch
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Dutch
share/examples/sarg/languages/English
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/English
share/examples/sarg/languages/French
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/French
share/examples/sarg/languages/German
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/German
share/examples/sarg/languages/Greek
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Greek
share/examples/sarg/languages/Hungarian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Hungarian
share/examples/sarg/languages/Indonesian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Indonesian
share/examples/sarg/languages/Italian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Italian
share/examples/sarg/languages/Japanese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Japanese
share/examples/sarg/languages/Latvian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Latvian
share/examples/sarg/languages/Polish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Polish
share/examples/sarg/languages/Portuguese
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Portuguese
share/examples/sarg/languages/Romanian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Romanian
share/examples/sarg/languages/Russian_UTF-8
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Russian_UTF-8
share/examples/sarg/languages/Russian_koi8
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Russian_koi8
share/examples/sarg/languages/Russian_windows1251
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Russian_windows1251
share/examples/sarg/languages/Serbian
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Serbian
share/examples/sarg/languages/Slovak
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Slovak
share/examples/sarg/languages/Spanish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Spanish
share/examples/sarg/languages/Turkish
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Turkish
share/examples/sarg/languages/Ukrainian_windows1251
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/languages/Ukrainian_windows1251
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/language.php
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/en_EN/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/en_EN/LC_MESSAGES/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/en_EN/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/en_EN/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/fr/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/fr/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/pt_BR/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/pt_BR/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/ru/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/messages.mo
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/locale/ru/LC_MESSAGES/messages.po
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/sarg-block-it.php
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/sarg-realtime.php
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/sarg-squidguard-block.php
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/sarg-squidguard-block2.php
share/examples/sarg/sarg-php/style.php
share/examples/sarg/sarg.conf
@sample ${SYSCONFDIR}/sarg/sarg.conf
